How to Destroy the Unstable SMP

The video begins on a cold opening. SpokeIsHere tells JamatoP that the server is running out of time. He says that he discovered something that shouldn’t exist: a set of diamond armour with all four protection enchantments. The two enter Jamato’s base, where Spoke explains that a couple hours prior he was at a zombie farm enchanting his gear when he accidentally put all four protection enchantments on each piece.

Jamato tells Spoke that this was once possible in an older version of Minecraft and leads Spoke to an underground vault housing old Minecraft glitches and exploits that have never been possible to occur either at the same time or on the same server. These glitches include a spliced portal, a weaponless skeleton, a set of redstone-trimmed netherite armour with all the protection enchants that Spoke equips, and most notably, a machine that strips the data of blocks and transforms them into other blocks.

Spoke realises what functioning ancient exploits could entail. He and Jamato both agree that nobody can find out about this, and Jamato says to start with the safe ones as to not raise suspicion. Spoke suggests they find a working duplication glitch to get the resources needed to test more exploits and build more machines. In voiceover, Spoke describes a duplication glitch that was patched years ago, but assuming it’s back he decides he has to use it. All he needs for it is a single shulker box, so he goes to the end to get one. In voiceover he says getting this shulker box “would prove to be the hardest part.”

Spoke sees Wemmbu in the distance and approaches. Wemmbu tells Spoke that he has to leave and Spoke asks what he’s doing. Wemmbu says he’s just doing a “side-hobby project.” Wemmbu asks about the armour Spoke is wearing, the redstone trimmed netherite armour from Jamato’s exploit vault. He asks what the armour is and where Spoke got it. Spoke lies, telling Wemmbu that he went mining and enchanted it at the zombie farm. Spoke changes the subject, wishing Wemmbu luck on his project before asking if that's really what he is doing. Wemmbu then shows Spoke a shulker box full of elytra, sarcastically saying “good luck finding an elytra,” and leaves the end.

Spoke goes hunting for shulker shells in the nearby end cities and gets what he needs. Returning to the overworld, he brings Jamato to the dupe stash behind a painting in his base. They begin to duplicate gold, ancient debris, diamonds, emeralds, iron, experience bottles, shulker shells, anvils, and redstone components for the next couple of hours.

They devise a plan to use update suppression to splice a portal, but Spoke asks where they should build it. Jamato suggests putting it in a base that nobody would want to break into. However, neither of them can build something grand enough, so Jamato tells Spoke to ask TheRealSquiddo and her master builders to set up a meeting at spawn.

Spoke commissions Squiddo and her builders to build five Great Wonders, paying thirteen shulker boxes of duped items. Squiddo tells Spoke that the builders can finish by the next day, but unable to wait, Spoke digs under one of the Wonders, the Pyramid of Anubis, to build the chunk suppressor with Jamato. After finishing it, Jamato suggests waiting until everyone is offline to test it, but Spoke pulls the lever regardless, crashing the server. When rejoining, Jamato explains that while that wasn’t necessarily bad, it could mean that the builders find out. To be safe, Spoke mines out to check on the builders and finds Squiddo standing in front of a spliced portal. Squiddo explains that she was trying to mine the portal when the server crashed, and after rejoining, she found it split in half. Squiddo says she needs to tell people about it, but Spoke talks her out of it, claiming it's just lag. He says he knows how to fix it and puts a block inside the portal, which breaks it. He again tells her that she shouldn’t tell anyone.

Mining back into the Pyramid, Spoke tells Jamato about what happened and Jamato tells him that that’s not how it works, which confuses both of them. They decide to lay low to test some smaller exploits. Spoke boats to the raid farm to see if he can obtain a glitched crossbow. He doesn’t find it , but says that he will check after each glitch and heads to the next Wonder.

Under one of the Wonders in a netherrack room, Spoke transforms arrows of healing into uncraftable tipped arrows. Spoke goes back to the raid farm and again doesn’t find the crossbow, but brings back chests. He then attempts a dupe glitch that ultimately fails. Spoke goes back to the raid farm and again doesn’t find the crossbow. He comes back to the netherrack room with a brewing stand to attempt the two billion bottles glitch, but that also fails. Spoke goes back to the raid farm and finally finds the glitched crossbow.

After showing Jamato the arrow and the crossbow, Spoke goes on to explain that certain exploits don’t work. He brings up the chunk suppressor, as they still don’t know how Squiddo’s Nether portal was spliced. Jamato explains that the suppressor wasn’t just working properly, it was working in a way it had never before. This confuses both of them, having never heard of anything like it before.

Jamato offers to show Spoke another glitch that will not only dupe, but also stack totems of undying. The glitch is performed by dropping a totem on the ground and using an auto-clicker on the recipe book to turn one totem into a totem stack. The glitch gets Spoke a stack of eighty-five totems, which he uses to tank multiple crits from Jamato to test if they work.

Wanting netherite, Spoke asks if they can dupe any. Instead, Jamato gives Spoke the illegal redstone trimmed netherite set on an armour stand. Spoke swaps the armour he’s wearing with the one on the stand, but then realises that there are a lot of entities in the room. He asks Jamato if there’s a way to make a force field to prevent a pie graph or chunk loader from picking them up. Spoke says that they’re absolutely not using chunk bans. Jamato says they may need to bring in more people, so they interview Roshambogames, JumperWho, Derapchu, and Fantst to become the Guardians of the Wonders. Spoke pays them in duped items to not speak to anyone about this. Knowing he needs to hire one more person, he interviews Wemmbu to be the fifth Guardian. When asked for his skill, Wemmbu says they should go somewhere else. He shows Spoke an empty plains. A massive lag spike hits the area and moments later, circles of TNT appear and vaporise the field. This was a result of Wemmbu’s orbital cannon, which he’d previously built on the Lifesteal SMP. Spoke is hesitant to hire him, and explains that if he is found inside any of the structures he will be kicked off of the Guardian team.

Spoke returns to the netherrack room, swapping his armour again and accidentally unstacking his totems in the process. He sees this as a good thing, however, and reminds himself that the only reason he’s executing these exploits is to find answers, and that once he abuses them, the server will truly be ruined.

Later, Spoke and Jamato are in a stone room under one of the Wonders. Using an exploit, they plan make blocks without data. The goal is to blow up a brewing stand with an end crystal that is on fire on the same frame as placing an enchanting table. They have to log out, log back in, and see if it works. When logging back in, the book is removed from the enchanting table. They do the same thing with an ender chest and a wither skeleton skull, which turns them invisible. After doing this, they plan their next exploit. Jamato is worried they’ll become overconfident and get caught from the impact this next glitch could have. He says in order to perform this glitch, they need “the goofiest and almost illegal mobs they can find.” Spoke sets up camp at the Crone and hunts the illegal mobs. He finds a skeleton, names it, and gives it a stack of wooden swords made using the recipe book glitch. After relogging, it creates the same weaponless skeleton found in Jamato’s exploit vault.

Meeting under the Crone, Spoke shows Jamato the three weaponless mobs he’s collected: the skeleton, a zombified piglin, and a wither skeleton. Jamato reveals that the Crone is on top of a stronghold, and that this exploit will put the mobs partially in the end and partially in the overworld, duping them. Because the mob exists in the end, it will be able to be teleported to the overworld multiple times. Spoke goes in to get the materials, which are hidden inside an end pillar.

From the outside, Wemmbu hears Spoke talking to himself inside the pillar. Wemmbu asks what he’s doing, and Spoke frantically tells him not to come down into the pillar, saying that he’ll meet him on the surface. He tells Wemmbu that he’s working on an “end project,” but Wemmbu knows Spoke has been up to something and wants to know what they are. Spoke again says he’ll meet Wemmbu above, but Wemmbu proceeds to respawn the ender dragon, turning the shulker boxed of duplicated restone components into obsidian. Wemmbu continues to be confrontational, asking what Spoke has been up to. Spoke is at a loss for words and tries to muster an excuse. He says that Jamato sent him to get materials for his project, but Wemmbu does not believe that the redstone was legitimately obtained. He realises talking to Spoke is pointless and that he’s better off asking Jamato about it.

Spoke begins to attack Wemmbu, which he doesn’t react to until it becomes annoying. Wemmbu fights back, popping his totem. Spoke runs away, escaping through an end gateway and losing Wemmbu. He goes back, defeats the dragon, and goes through the central portal.

In voiceover, Spoke explains that if Jamato found out that Wemmbu was onto them, he would call off the operation. He decides that the next best step was to destroy every end portal so he could build the mob duper in peace. However, he realises that in order to truly stop Wemmbu he’d need to build something that could truly get rid of him for good. He knows there’s only one exploit capable of that.

In Spoke’s base, Jamato asks what happened in the end. Spoke tells Jamato that he ran into a player, but that he doesn’t know what’s he and Jamato are building. He tells Jamato that they’re going to need to destroy the end portals, but Jamato protests. He tells Spoke that his goal is to save the server, not play god. Spoke tells him that he’s not playing god. Jamato continues, saying the only way to save the server is to bring it back to how it was. Spoke tells him that they’re the only players on the server with illegal armour, and that there’s a reason why they found it. He says they can’t stop now or they’ll never be able to build the final machine: the chunk splicer.

Jamato tells him that that was never the plan. He says it could fundamentally break the server and he won’t be a part of it anymore. He tells Spoke he shouldn’t be part of it either.

Watching Jamato walk off, Spoke realises he’s again alone. He thought that if Jamato wasn’t going to save the server from Wemmbu, he’d have to do it alone. He collects the materials he would need and heads towards the final Wonder with the intention of creating a command block. Once he acquires one, he intended to show Jamato how they could use it for good, but without Jamato, Spoke has a difficult time getting the machine to work, not realising the exploit he was using had been patched.

But suddenly, Spoke discovers a never before seen glitch that hasn’t been possible ever before, proving that the server was truly unstable. None of that mattered to him anymore, however, because he’d finally gotten the command block and other illegal blocks.

Spoke shows Jamato the items, but Jamato insists he gets rid of them and wants nothing to do with them.


This Button Destroys the World

The episode starts with ParrotX2 entering his own base to encounter Wemmbu, who claims to have something greatly interesting. Seeing Parrot's confusion, Wemmbu prompts him to follow.

Parrot flies behind Wemmbu until they reach a large crater in the ground. Wemmbu claims that he wasn't responsible for the destruction, and that it was a test site for an orbital cannon—a weapon that can destroy any location at a whim. Together, Parrot and Wemmbu deduce that the cannon must belong to SpokeIsHere, as he'd seen Wemmbu build one before, but they don't understand why Spoke did it.

They decide to check The Wonders. Although Parrot doesn't know who built The Wonders and why, he assumes that they would be the only builds worthy of being targeted by Spoke.

Along with Wemmbu, Parrot returns to his base to brainstorm a plan to stop Spoke. However, they get interrupted by Roshambogames who informs them that the server is lagging and that the Wonder he'd been guarding had been nuked by a giant mass of TNT. Roshambo leads them to the Wonder and shows them the destruction. Wemmbu confirms that it's the work of an orbital cannon, and proceeds to explain to Roshambo what that is. Parrot discovers a netherrack room beneath the destroyed monument. He asks Wemmbu what his thoughts are about it, but Wemmbu dismisses it and says it's probably useless.

Parrot realizes that if nobody will try to stop The Wonders from getting destroyed, he'll have no choice but to protect them himself. To do that, though, he needs to build an orbital cannon of his own, but he has no idea how. He decides to start practicing with small machines until he can understand how to build an orbital cannon. While flying over a Wonder, he spots Roshambo. Parrot asks Roshambo about the netherrack box beneath his Wonder, but Roshambo says he's never seen one. Confused, Parrot returns to his attempt at a TNT machine, only to discover that it had been griefed with obsidian.

Later, Parrot calls Wemmbu to show him his machine and ask for help. Wemmbu sees the machine and claims that it won't do any damage at all, but when Parrot activates it, it launches both of them into the air. After the initial explosion, the machine continues to detonate multiple rounds of TNT until Parrot manually breaks it. He complains to Wemmbu that he'd previously created a cannon that got destroyed, but Wemmbu laughs and suggests that Parrot had probably done it by himself on accident.

Wemmbu leaves, but Parrot is certain that his redstone had been ruined by another player. He wonders why Wemmbu tried to cover that up, and why, despite knowing how to, he wasn't assisting Parrot in building the orbital cannon.

Parrot spots Wemmbu talking to Roshambo at the Marshland Mansion and decides to listen in on their conversation. They seem to be talking about illegal items, and about offering them to other players. Roshambo talks about how he needs the items because he has nothing left, and that the others probably don't, but Wemmbu reassures that it'll become the same for them. Wemmbu expresses his concerns about Parrot catching on to their plans. He advises Roshambo to stop destroying Parrot's builds and tells him to be more subtle about the distractions. Finally, Roshambo says something about trying to get the others on their side. Wemmbu leaves, and Parrot follows him.

Wemmbu flies toward his base at spawn, and due to being distracted by a skeleton, Parrot loses him. He enters the base and calls out to Wemmbu, but is met with no reply, so he leaves.

Parrot continues his attempts at building cannons, and a while later, Wemmbu comes back to check on him. Parrot explains that he thinks building an orbital cannon requires power and precision, but Wemmbu says that he doesn't get what Parrot means. Parrot demonstrates his latest machine on an iron golem, and it ends up successfully killing it, but the server experiences a lag spike. The two players fly back to spawn and Parrot tries to celebrate his achievement, only for Wemmbu to criticize how it lagged the server. Parrot is confused and he claims that he's tested the machine multiple times without it lagging. Wemmbu realizes that Parrot's machine isn't supposed to lag and flies off.

Wemmbu leads Parrot to a Wonder, The Crone, and discovers that it's been blown up. The guard, Fantst, explains that a ball of TNT appeared and destroyed it. While Fantst complains about his loss, Parrot observes various redstone components within the debris and asks him about them. Fantst says he doesn't know anything, and Wemmbu suggests that it might be the remnants of a cobblestone duper. Parrot argues that cobble dupers don't appear like that. He asks about what their plan is now, but Wemmbu leaves. After confirming that Fantst truly has no clue about the redstone, Parrot attempts to follow Wemmbu. He spots Wemmbu entering his base at spawn, but when Parrot goes in to look for him, he isn't there.

A while later, Parrot calls Wemmbu to show him another cannon. It's able to fire TNT at specific locations according to which button is pressed on the machine. Wemmbu messes around with it before agreeing that it's cool. He asks Parrot why he's testing the machine on the ocean instead of on land, to which Parrot responds that he's not interested in destroying things. Parrot asks who built The Wonders and accuses Wemmbu of lying when he says he doesn't know. Wemmbu and Parrot have an argument about it. When Parrot states that Wemmbu can build an orbital cannon but refuses to help, Wemmbu reveals that he's only interested in knowing where Spoke's cannon is, but refuses to tell Parrot why. Wemmbu asks Parrot where Spoke is, but Parrot doesn't know. He claims that he does, however, have notes on how to find Spoke's orbital cannon and says that he's kept the notes in the Frosted Palace. Wemmbu leaves in pursuit of the book containing the notes.

With him busy, Parrot decides to check Wemmbu's base once more. He reaches it, and after some searching, finds a hidden lever that opens a secret passageway. Parrot drops down and follows a very long tunnel to a 3 x 3 iron door with a button next to it. Parrot contemplates pressing the button, but decides against it as he thinks Wemmbu will catch him. He flies out of Wemmbu's house.

Parrot returns to the last cannon that he'd made, and finds Wemmbu using it. When Wemmbu sees him, he asks Parrot where he's been and why the notes weren't in the monument. Parrot apologizes and says they were in his base and he went to grab them. Wemmbu asks Parrot for them, and Parrot replies by asking why Wemmbu wants them anyway. Wemmbu says that he just wants to destroy Spoke's cannon, and he and Parrot bicker for some time. Finally, Wemmbu asks him how to find Spoke's cannon, with or without notes, and Parrot claims that they have to use the lag. Seeing Wemmbu's confusion, Parrot explains that they can use the velocity of the TNT and the time to calculate the distance from Spoke's cannon. Wemmbu agrees with the idea. Parrot realizes that even if they destroy Spoke's orbital cannon, only two of The Wonders will remain standing at best. He tells Wemmbu that he is ready to build the orbital cannon and asks him for help. Wemmbu questions why Parrot even wants to build one, and Parrot says that he wants to blow up Spoke's, but Wemmbu says it's a bad idea to blow up that location. Parrot leaves.

He still doesn't know why Spoke is destroying The Wonders, and he doesn't know what Wemmbu is hiding in his base. There's something about the server that he just doesn't understand, but there's only one thing he knows he can do. Parrot builds an orbital cannon.

Once Parrot has built the cannon, Wemmbu shows up and accuses Parrot of not knowing what he's doing. Parrot says that he does and when Wemmbu asks if Parrot even found Spoke's location, Parrot says that that's what he's waiting on. Wemmbu starts criticizing parts of Parrot's redstone, and Parrot asks why Wemmbu doesn't just build the cannon himself. Wemmbu says he doesn't understand why Parrot is so insistent on using an orbital cannon and says he's wasting time, but Parrot says that he's not wasting time if the machine works. Wemmbu claims that the cannon will blow itself up when activated, then proceeds to mess with it so that it does, and says that Parrot doesn't understand anything that's going on. Parrot states that Wemmbu used to guard a Wonder, to which Wemmbu says that he did until said Wonder got destroyed, so Parrot asks why Wemmbu doesn't care. Wemmbu explains that just because he guarded it doesn't mean he cares. Parrot says that blowing up Spoke's cannon is the only way to prevent him from destroying the other Wonders, and that he doesn't get why Wemmbu doesn't want that. In return, Wemmbu says he doesn't get why Parrot cares so much, but Parrot says that it's because nobody else is doing anything about it—not even Wemmbu, who used to be a guardian. Wemmbu says that he used to care until everything important in his monument got nuked, so Parrot reminds Wemmbu that he said at the beginning that The Wonders were pointless. Wemmbu says that they are, and Parrot leaves.

Wemmbu follows Parrot to another Wonder. Parrot gives Wemmbu one last chance to explain, but Wemmbu says he doesn't know what Parrot is talking about. Parrot states that there's something beneath every Monument and says he'll dig straight into the one they're standing on. However, before he can start digging, a mass of TNT appears and destroys it. Parrot and Wemmbu watch as the Wonder is blown up, and Wemmbu reminds Parrot that they can now pinpoint Spoke's location. They discover the coordinates and Wemmbu leaves. Parrot notices that there are redstone machines beneath the debris of the monument.

He realizes that the only way to find out what Wemmbu is hiding is to enter the secret room in his base. Parrot goes there and presses the button. He goes inside to discover one of the machines he'd once seen in the remains of a Wonder, along with that seem to be duped fireworks. While he's investigating, however, he hears Wemmbu and Roshambo coming into the room. Parrot hides in the weeping vines on the ceiling, eavesdropping on their conversation. Wemmbu says that Parrot is getting too close to properly finishing the orbital cannon, and that he needs Roshambo to take care of him—that Parrot's cannon mustn't be fired under any circumstances—and says he'll give Roshambo what he wants. Once Roshambo leaves, Parrot drops down, hits Wemmbu, and threatens to kill him. Upon realized that Wemmbu is more skilled than him, Parrot proceeds to interrogate him instead, but Wemmbu runs away.

Parrot flies after him and threatens to just keep chasing him, but Wemmbu claims that Parrot doesn't have enough rockets to get to where Wemmbu's headed. Parrot stops following Wemmbu, returns to his orbital cannon, and starts fixing it.

While he's working on the cannon, he gets interrupted by Roshambo who tells him to stop. Roshambo is followed by JumperWho, Derapchu, and Fantst. He says there's no reason to set the cannon off, but Parrot argues that he wants to save The Wonders. Roshambo explains that most of them at this point are gone, and firing the cannon will only perpetuate a cycle of destruction until everything else is gone, too. Parrot tells him that the cannon is set to fire in ten minutes, and Roshambo says either Parrot should prevent that or he'll prevent it himself. Parrot questions the other three guardians if they're on Roshambo's side, and they say that they are. When Parrot asks what he told them, Roshambo says that it doesn't matter. Parrot claims that Roshambo is being manipulated by Wemmbu, and Roshambo points out that Parrot is being manipulated by Spoke. Parrot disagrees and tells the other three about how he discovered a vault in Wemmbu's base with duped items. He prompts them to follow him to the base to prove that Roshambo and Wemmbu have been planning something.

After accusing Parrot of trying to distract them, the group eventually follows him to Wemmbu's base. However, when he leads them into the base, he discovers that the door to the secret room is gone. Roshambo's group talk about how they now only have five minutes left to stop the cannon and start chasing Parrot as he tries to run away.

When Parrot stops, they start fighting him. He says that he doesn't understand what they're trying to accomplish before flying off once more. Parrot tries returning to his cannon and states that it's firing in twenty seconds. When he reaches it, however, he finds the machine being blown up. Roshambo says that Parrot should've listened. Parrot starts hitting him. Everybody starts fighting Parrot, but they all stop when they experience a lag.

The five of them fly to one of the last monuments to find it destroyed. Parrot tells Roshambo that it's his fault and that they could've destroyed Spoke's cannon and prevented it, but Roshambo chose to let it happen. Fantst states that there's still one Wonder left, and he asks Parrot if there's any way to prevent its destruction. Parrot claims that it's possible if Roshambo doesn't try stopping him, and Roshambo says that he won't. Parrot explains how he discovered that the orbital cannon, specifically Spoke's one, fires every six hours, but the loading chamber can be optimized to make it 25% faster, meaning that if they can gather all the materials in fifteen minutes and build the whole thing in an hour, they could destroy Spoke's cannon before the next time it fires. Everybody agrees to help, but Roshambo says he's not making any promises.

Roshambo and his teammates bring Parrot all the materials in front of the final Wonder, and Parrot tasks them to construct a bunker using obsidian in front of the Wonder while he builds the cannon. Everyone gets to work. Parrot finishes the orbital cannon, and finally presses the button.

Parrot, Roshambo, Jumper, Derapchu, and Fantst enter the obsidian bunker and wait for four and a half hours until the cannon fires. The server experiences a lag, signalling that the cannon has fired, and they immediately try to dig out, but the server continues lagging for longer than it realistically should.

Finally, when they get out, they discover that Spoke's and Parrot's orbital cannons have gone off at the same time. They all watch as the final Wonder is blown up. When Fantst says that they've lost, Parrot states that everyone has.


Breaking Into Minecraft's Most Illegal Vault

The episode starts with Wemmbu stuck in a room filled with minecarts, which prevents him from doing anything. The vault he is in belongs to a player named SpokeIsHere and protects hundreds of thousands of exploited items.

Everything starts when Wemmbu notices a new player on the server, Spoke, heading to another player's base and, out of boredom, decides to follow him invisibly. By chance, he catches an interesting conversation between him and JamatoP about illegal exploits. Unsure what exactly is going on, but knowing the bad history that Spoke previously had with exploits, he decides to continue following out of suspicion.

Wemmbu cautiously follows them, and, after overhearing an illegal armor exploit and finding out that these two are the only people who know about it, he realizes how risky this is. He escapes to a nearby cave and decides he is going to discover every single exploit Spoke and Jamato know. He trails Spoke for the next few days until he is able to confront him in the end about the illegal armor he is wearing.

Spoke brushes the inquiry off while emphasizing the normality of the armor and hoe much he grinded to obtain it. Wemmbu knows Spoke is clearly lying as he saw him obtain the armor a few days ago while he was trailing him. He leaves the end knowing Spoke is clearly hiding something. He gets even more suspicious when Spoke announces a server-wide recruitment to protect builds called The Wonders. Knowing Spoke usually doesn't care about those sort of things, he suspects they may have something to do with the exploits. He applies for a guardian position, knowing the risks he is be facing.

Spoke asks Wemmbu to show him one talent in order to get the job. Wemmbu brings him to an open field and then shows him his secret weapon, an orbital strike cannon that he built himself, which greatly surprises Spoke. After he blows up the entire field, Spoke sees Wemmbu's power and gives him the job. Spoke warns Wemmbu that if he catches him inside any of The Wonders, he will be kicked out of the guardian team and further actions will be taken.

Not wanting to get on the bad side of an exploiter, Wemmbu guards his monument faithfully. Every time he tries to enter The Wonders, Spoke somehow knows about it and stops him, then goes to the end. Wemmbu decides to go to the end to figure out what is significant about it. He catches Spoke in the midst of building something, then realizes Spoke hollowed out the end pillars and is working inside of them. When confronted about it, Spoke is clearly stressed out and justifies it, saying it is an end project, and orders Wemmbu not to come in. He tries to shift the conversation onto Wemmbu, asking him why he isn't guarding his Wonders.

Wemmbu doubles down and Spoke refuses to tell him what he is up to, saying that there is nothing to know about and asks him to protect The Wonders. Wemmbu respawns the ender dragon, resetting the end pillars and deleting all of Spoke's shulkers. Spoke gets mad and comes up while not wearing the exploited armor, then gets further interrogated by Wemmbu. He restates that he was simply checking his shulkers, which Wemmbu doesn't buy one bit. Spoke then shifts the blame on Wemmbu, asking him why he is here and why he built an orbital strike cannon. He admits he was in the end because he received a little package from Jamato to work on his project.

Wemmbu laughs it off, exposing the stupidity of the excuse (why would he hide for his project), and asks him what Jamato has to do with all of this. Spoke says Jamato asked him to kill Wemmbu and attacks Wemmbu, doing little to no damage. Wemmbu realizes how useless he is and decides to talk to Jamato. He mocks Spoke's weak attacks, and after a while, decides to pop Spoke's totem. Wemmbu easily intimidates Spoke while mocking him and hitting him with his fists. Spoke continues to boast about his supposed crazy power. He escapes to the outer end islands, so Wemmbu continues to chase after him until he loses him.

Wemmbu decides to head to Jamato's base to talk to him, but realizes both Jamato and Spoke have completely vanished from both of their bases. He decides to check inside of The Wonders and spots Spoke doing something inside of one of them. Spoke seems relieved that some items are still here, so Wemmbu decides to confront him. Spoke is mad, seeing Wemmbu inside of The Wonders, as he ignored his warnings. He yet again tries to justify that this is a storage room, despite the extremely suspicious setup and illegal armor. Spoke asks Wemmbu to leave, but Wemmbu laughs it off. Spoke says he is going to be gone for a while and that he is packing up for a trip, which is an obvious lie, so Wemmbu starts attacking him.

Spoke secures the armor and a brawl ensues, which Wemmbu is obviously winning. After a while, Spoke decides to put on his illegal armor, but he still continues to lose. He starts pearling everywhere to escape. Wemmbu pops Spoke's totems twice and two pieces of Spoke's armor break, but Spoke barely manages to get away inside of a wall in a split second. On his trail, Wemmbu manages to hear him through the walls as Spoke decides to try to break every machine inside of The Wonders so nobody can get their hands on them, especially Wemmbu. He finally loses Spoke and realizes he took every single exploited item inside of the chests during the fight. Disappointed, he continues his search with ParrotX2, a new player, until they start noticing that the monuments are getting destroyed to cover up what is under them.

Luckily for Wemmbu, the destruction of the wonders angers Parrot, who decides to protect them, not knowing their true purposes. After a bit of manipulation, Parrot gives Wemmbu Spoke's coords, millions of blocks out. Wemmbu finds an enormous vault, presumably protecting the exploited items. He decides to start breaking in around the bottom of the vault until he hits the first obstacle: soul sand and lava. He easily gets across until he hears a guard's voice. Wemmbu tries to advance sneakily, limiting all noise, but is spotted by the guard Tyrad. A fight quickly ensues and Wemmbu manages to escape by chorus fruiting out of the prison.

Wemmbu reenters the prison and reengages with Tyrad, seemingly stuck in his own prison. The fight seems much more even. Wemmbu carts Tyrad and gets a few good hits, but Tyrad keeps pushing. Wemmbu continues the fight out of the prison and manages to get away using invisibilty potions. He tries to break in for the third time, but this time, much more sneakily, making sure nobody notices him. While Tyrad is looking for him, he manages to slip past the first defense and enter the next one, where he is attacked by underwater wardens. He barely manages to get past it while being shot by wardens. He notices through the walls two other guards, RealReeon and Sharkilz_, messing around.

The two of them are clearly not taking this seriously while Wemmbu continues to advance through the base's defense. Tyrad informs the other guards about Wemmbu's break in, so they all start looking for him. Wemmbu gets mining fatigue while he is mining, but that doesn't stop him as he continues to get through the defenses while drinking milk until he actually makes it inside of the vault's rooms.

Wemmbu explores the vault's corridors, blocking off certain paths so he doesn't encounter guards. He narrowly avoids them, as they are not taking this seriously, hitting each other and joking around. He gets spotted as he is potting up and a 3 v 1 ensues. After splashing himself with swiftness, Wemmbu escapes by blocking the paths, aided by the elder guardian's mining fatigue. He frenetically looks around until he finds his way down the prison into a lower floor as the hunters are catching up to him.

Wemmbu starts killing the elder guardians and manages to get to an even lower floor using an elevator where he is yet again spotted while carelessly moving around. Sharkilz and Reeon immediately start attacking him, Wemmbu does good damage and manages to fend them off for a bit, giving him time to escape deeper into the vault. In a brilliant manner, Wemmbu manages to trap both Sharkilz and Reeon in the lower floor using obsidian, allowing him time to prepare and explore. He reaches the guard's storage room and steals useful equipment.

The guards find him and attack him again, and he uses end crystal to blow the hunters up, where he manages to kill Tyrad and run away by blocking everything off. The hunters hesitate a little, but decide to continue chasing after him, despite the death of their comrade. Wemmbu almost manages to kill Sharkilz using end crystals, but he is saved by the arrival of a large quantity of vexes, which all start attacking Wemmbu. He kills all of them and starts walking around. He realizes that the two guards are not following him anymore. Wemmbu wanders around the base until he finds a hidden passage under soul sand, leading him to another floor.

Wemmbu finds the two guards waiting in a corridor on that floor, and after spying on them for a little, he decides to attack them yet again. Everything is going well until he is ambushed by a third guard, Only_A_Squid, which turns the tide of the battle. Wemmbu is forced to run away. He manages to escape for a little while using chorus fruit until he is found again. He manages to swim up a water column and block everything behind him. The hunters, out of milk, aren't able to keep up, so Wemmbu narrowly escapes death. He gets some rest while the hunters fetch milk.

Wemmbu finds an elevator activated by a random button, and he manages to go back to where he originally came from, where he finds an odd bubble column, bringing him to a totally new huge and decorated room. A trapped chest sits on a single TNT. While laughing, Wemmbu breaks the TNT, only to find himself falling as the ground below him breaks into a totally new room.

Spoke menacingly tells Wemmbu that he sees him as he tries to escape by climbing the sides of the huge pit with water. Spoke says that this is a lot worse than a vault as TNT starts falling from the sky. He announces to Wemmbu that he isn't going to be able to leave the prison as payback for what he did earlier. As Wemmbu is getting shot from all sides by wardens, he tries to mine into the walls of the prison, but is stopped by Spoke, who pushes him into the pit as lava is falling from the sky. Wemmbu tries to chorus fruit out, but the wardens pop his totem. Spoke announces that he is actually gonna kill him, unlike what Wemmbu did in the end.

He finally manages to chorus fruit out, but he is yet again trapped in a room filled with chest minecarts, preventing him from doing anything. Surprised, Wemmbu comes to the realization that he is completely cornered. Spoke mocks Wemmbu, laughing about his inability to find the vault and the way he is currently trapped. He is attacked by a warden stuck with him, so he decides to do everything in his power to escape. Spoke boasts about getting the best prison designers to create this trap while he tries to chorus fruit everywhere.

Wemmbu tries to find a weakness inside the trap where he can break the walls, but to no avail. He manages to break a few minecarts, giving him just enough room to mine out of the walls using a milk bucket, where he escapes the first layer of the prison. Spoke continues to ramble about his perfect revenge until he notices that Wemmbu actually escaped.

Spoke is clearly flustered as Wemmbu tries to break in inside the actual rooms of the prison. He is burning to the lava while Spoke mocks him trough the glass separating him from the inside of the prison. Wemmbu finds a hole in the lava defense, bringing him back inside the vault, where he restocks and prepares to fight Spoke.

Wemmbu doesn't hesitate and jumps Spoke, who escapes the exact same way as him before: blocking up the tunnels. Wemmbu runs after him and finds a suspicious trap door leading to a room filled with lava. He gets splashed by a ton of bad effects, meaning he fell into a trap. Wemmbu finds a flaw in the trap and kills the witches throwing potions at him.

After escaping the trap using chorus fruit, Wemmbu wanders around the base, where he finds tons of false traps until he discovers a bubble column hiding a trapdoor leading to a crawling tunnel leading to a door leading to an underwater exit. Wemmbu laughs as he gets out, seeing Spoke crouching at the other end of the exit. He attacks him without hesitation. Spoke pretends to be indiferrent to Wemmbu leaving the prison, even though he is clearly shocked.

Spoke escapes using an ender pearl stasis chamber.


How I Stole 10,356,000 Duped Items

The episode begins with SpokeIsHere explaining how one week ago, millions of duped items appeared on the server. The players stashed them in secure vaults that were supposedly unbreachable, until he found one of them.

Spoke starts digging into their defenses and breaks into a room filled with players. He later realizes that they are just armor stands and spots a hole in the center, which he assumes leads to what he is looking for. He bridges over but sees that he would die from the fall, so he opens his ender chest and grabs a pearl to clutch with. Once inside, there are rows of double chests filled with the duped items. He blew everything up, but fell through the floor and clutched with another ender pearl, ending up standing in front of Roshambogames in an obsidian box filled with end crystals with a bow pointed at his face.

Roshambo threatens to shoot Spoke and blow him up if he tries anything stupid and tells him that there’s a player on his way to kill him right now. Instead of taking his chances, Spoke shoots himself and blows up the end crystal. He then elytras out of the prison, leaving Roshambogames behind.

Spoke resolves to get rid of the duped items once and for all, but decides to keep the two pieces of exploited armor. He heads toward spawn and discovers that someone had set it on fire. Someone starts playing music nearby and finds the base of Mapicc, a player who hates Roshambo. He tells Spoke that he used to steal from him all the time, but that he somehow got really rich all of a sudden. He then reveals that he heard everything Spoke said, including the fact that Roshambo has duped items. Spoke offers to help him raid the vaults on the condition that they don’t keep any of the duped items. Mapicc agrees.

They head over to the Zam Empire, supposedly where the second vault is. Spoke splashed himself with invis and proceeds to tell Mapicc that he has a big target on his back. They dig down into the first floor and run into FlameFrags and Leow0ok, two of PrinceZam guards. Mapicc tells the guards that Spoke is his little brother and that he doesn’t like to talk. Spoke’s invisibility runs out and FlameFrags, Leow0ok, and another guard Merfinn start chasing them. They escape and elytra onto the roof of a nearby building.

Spoke explains that the real reason why they came to the Zam Empire was to not only destroy the duped items, but to also bring them back to the way they were, which means that they can’t destroy any builds or kill any players, or else they would be just as bad as Roshambo. They pearl back into the castle and enter the vault, blowing up as many duped items as they can. The server starts lagging and they get away by pearling into the walls. They elytra onto a balloon and head into the nether. They build up onto the roof of the portal and watch the guards elytra away, heading back into the overworld.

Mapicc asks Spoke how Roshambo knew how to dupe items in the first place and Spoke reveals to him that he was the one who found the dupe glitch. He tells Mapicc that this was before he saw the consequences of his actions and that he had used a lot of the duped items to pay players to do stuff. Mapicc is angry at first but calms down once Spoke says that an old friend convinced him to never touch exploits again.

Mapicc suggests that they head to TheRealSquiddo's base, which might contain some of the duped items since Spoke paid her a lot of them. They find the duped items stashed in barrels around her base and Spoke sets a pile of netherite blocks on fire when Squiddo logs online. Spoke and Mapicc try to make up an excuse, but are interrupted by the fire that has spread throughout the castle. While trying to stop the fire, Spoke finds a chest with the coordinates of what he thinks are the coordinates of Roshambo’s vaults.

They head to the first set of coordinates and find an unassuming trading hall in a mountain. There is a pile of chests in the center that contain lots of enchanted books and emeralds, though they aren’t sure if they’re duped or not. They then find the duped items in barrels located at the columns and start carefully burning them. However, the owner of the trading hall, Jepexx, discovers them and crashes out. He tells Spoke that these aren’t duped items and that he skipped his final exam grinding for them. Jepexx doesn’t know about the duped items in the barrels, so when he finds them, he tries to steal them to trade with villagers. Spoke apologizes and tries to compensate with a fully maxed out kit to distract Jepexx while Mapicc breaks the barrels and burns them. Jepexx gets mad again, so they lead him out and tell him they have more emeralds for him. Mapicc starts a conversation with Jepexx while Spoke covers the trading hall with dirt to make it blend in with the hill. Once Spoke covers the trading hall up, he tells Jepexx that his trading hall disappeared and that he should probably check on his base to make sure it hasn’t disappeared. Once he leaves, they hide the rest of the duped items.

Spoke and Mapicc elytra back to spawn and decide to set an ender pearl stasis chamber. They search for a premade one and end up at Wemmbu's base, discovering his secret room under his house. They set their ender pearl stasis and head over to the second set of coordinates, a sky vault in the jungle. Once below the vault, they spot the outlines of players and their horses and decide to elytra up to check it out. The guards, PlanetLord and Leow0ok start attacking them and Spoke finds that he lost his TNT, so he and Mapicc start burning as much as the duped items as they can. Eventually, they realize that this isn’t going to work, so they retreat.

Back on the ground, Spoke proposes an idea to use the orbital cannon to destroy the vault, because chances are, it was also made out of duped items. He leads Mapicc to the top of his prison where the orbital cannon is, but discovers that someone nuked part of the cannon. Spoke says that he thinks he knows where the builders kept the extra materials, so they head to the entrance of the prison. Once they get through the outer defenses, they ring a bell and spot pillagers arranged in arrows that point toward the items. They successfully retrieve the materials and fix the orbital cannon.

Spoke then shows Mapicc the button that will activate the orbital cannon and explains that the room they’re in was where he last saw JamatoP. Mapicc presses the button and nothing happens. Spoke realizes that the cannon already went off and that they had to get to the vault before it was bombed to warn the guards. They don’t believe him, however, and start engaging with them. The orbital cannon strikes in the middle of their combat and everyone panics and elytras away from the zone. The duped items are completely gone, but the guards are furious. Spoke and Mapicc manage to knock them off of the vault, and they try to climb up a dirt pillar. Spoke threatens to shoot them off if they continue to advance and they pause. He takes the opportunity and asks them if there were any more vaults that they didn’t know about. The guards finally relent and tell them that there is a final vault. Spoke ends up shooting them off.

Spoke and Mapicc return to Mapicc’s base to discuss their plan to attack. Spoke suggests that they use the orbital cannon to strike the coordinates again. However, they are interrupted by an explosion that blows up Mapicc’s base. Spoke reasons that since the person who lit the TNT heard their conversation, they should strike the next vault now in case they told Roshambo. They activate the orbital cannon again and head to the third set of coordinates.

However when they arrive, they discover that the coordinates aren’t located at a vault, but instead at Jepexx’s base. They start a conversation with him and discover that this base meant a lot to him and that he lived here since almost the start of the server. Mapicc and Spoke fly away and Mapicc reveals to Spoke that these were the coordinates that the orbital cannon was set to strike. They decide to check if there was anything at the exact coordinates, so they dig into one of Jepexx’s wheat fields and find the actual vault under his base. Spoke reasons that Jepexx doesn’t even know that there is a vault under his field. They try to think of a solution and head down to Jepexx’s base to check things out again, but they’re too late.

The orbital cannon strikes, wiping out everything that was Jepexx’s home. Jepexx is devastated and tells Spoke to leave and that he’s done enough. Spoke and Mapicc feel very guilty, realizing that they took everything from an innocent player, and they swear never to touch the orbital cannon again, even against duped items. They resolve to find everyone who was affected by the duped items a new home at the end of this.

Spoke and Mapicc leave Jepexx behind and head to the fourth and final set of coordinates before the final vault. There, they find a huge red and white mansion that they assume contains the duped redstone. Instead of redstone, they find a chest containing a book called “the final vault” by Roshambo. They realize that he probably already moved everything to the final vault and open the book, finding the coordinates to the final vault. Spoke knows that Roshambo is clearly up to no good because the coordinates are only a thousand blocks away from spawn. He knows for sure that there is nothing there, so they devise a plan to set an ender pearl stasis for Spoke. If anything goes wrong, Spoke tells Mapicc that he will message him and tell him to pull the stasis.

Spoke then heads alone to the coordinates in the book and spots Roshambo. He leads him to the Soul Sand Vault, a stone wall with arrows of soul sand and wither skulls pointing into the ground. PlanetLord and Leow0ok are also stationed there, and ominously greet him. They lead him into the final vault and Spoke discovers that it isn’t a trap after all. However, when he looks into the chests, they are mostly empty, with a few containing soul sand and wither skulls arranged in the crafting recipe for a wither. Leow0ok tells him that this isn’t the real final vault and Roshambo digs out the blocks under Spoke, which drops him into an end portal. They respawn the ender dragon and several withers and tell him that this indeed was a trap all along. Roshambo and his henchmen start attacking Spoke. He messages Mapicc to pull the stasis, but it fails because the end isn’t freed from the dragon yet.

In a voiceover, Spoke says that truthfully, he just wanted to stay there to prove to them that he could handle them, that he wasn’t afraid, when in reality, he was scared. Not of death, but of the fact that the chestplate and leggings he had on were the first and would be the last exploited items on this server and that if he lost or broke them, he would never forgive himself, as they were the only things left of Jamato. He wasn’t really sure if this was worth it anymore.

Spoke reaches the end islands and concludes that if Roshambo, Leow0ok, and PlanetLord want to escape the end, then they would have to defeat the dragon, freeing him as well. He splashes himself with an invis potion, sneaking back to the main end island. He spots Roshambo and his henchmen getting chased by the withers. Eventually, they fly away into the void. Spoke follows them and reaches a massive end base, which he thinks is the final vault. He stalks them around the base, ending up in a giant chest room. Once his invis ran out, the Leow0ok discovers him, so he gears up for a fight, but Roshambo says that there’s no point in attacking anymore. Leow0ok asks him how he found the vault and Spoke tells them his plans. Roshambo laughs and reveals that they’re okay with trapping themselves in the end because their base was here. Spoke checks the chests and discovers that they’re all empty.

Convinced that this is indeed the final vault, Spoke is persistent in his search despite Roshambo telling him that there is nothing here for him. Spoke then accuses them of moving the items into their ender chests, which Roshambo responds to by telling him to move on, that he was chasing a ghost. He says that finding and getting rid of the duped items wasn’t going to get Jamato back. Spoke is confused as to how he knew about Jamato, but all he gets in return is the information that the “someone” who told Roshambo was coming to kill him. Spoke argues that it’s Wemmbu who’s the bad guy, and that he tried to kill him once and would gladly do it again. Seeing no more use in staying, he flies away into the distance.

Once back at Wemmbu’s base, Spoke tells Mapicc everything that happened. Mapicc says that it doesn’t make sense that Spoke had already found all of the vaults. Spoke tells him that they’ve already been to every single vault together… but they haven’t. Only Spoke was at the first vault, and it was the only vault Roshambo was actually at.

They elytra to the first vault and jump into the room Roshambo was waiting for Spoke at. Spoke realizes that the lag he first experienced in the room wasn’t from all the end crystals and TNT, but from the hidden duped items. He mines into the floor but finds nothing. Then he mines into the walls and is greeted with countless barrels covering every inch of obsidian, all filled to the brim with duped items. This was the actual final vault. They start blowing up every single barrel, but Spoke stops in his tracks. He turns to Mapicc and says that if they blow everything up, Roshambo would lose all of his fortune. The big end base that was supposed to be his home would now be fair game.

“I think we got a place to move into,” Spoke says.


I Uncovered Minecraft's Greatest Secret

The episode begins with ParrotX2 describing a mysterious music disk that he received from a player named SpokeIsHere. Upon inserting it into a jukebox with a texture pack Spoke sent him, Parrot receives a message telling him that there is a huge secret in the server and that he should bring a friend to the set of coordinates described in the disk.  

Parrot invites a player called Wifies to accompany him in this journey and arrives at the first destination, a twin set of medieval towers facing a large stone gate in the side of a hill. Standing on both pressure plates on the towers, the gate on the hill blows up, revealing a large abandoned city complex. The two find a chest containing a music disk telling them to "follow the light,” but right after they open the chest and take the disk out, they hear TNT exploding, so quickly elytra out. Parrot realizes that they must go to the lighthouse in Zam Empire to find the next clue. Being concerned about how Spoke knew exactly when they had gotten their hands on the disk, Parrot hands Wifies his prized spyglass as a token of trust.

After heading toward the Zam Empire, Parrot and Wifies don't find anything significant and instead encounter Wemmbu and PrinceZam, who ask that they hand over the disks and let them take care of the secret instead. Parrot declines and Wifies splashes himself and Parrot with a potion of invisibility, escaping the clutches of the Zam Empire leader after a tense battle. Parrot and Wifies return to the lighthouse, noticing that it is blinking and decode it as a Morse code message which translates to "minus 64,” or the y level of -64 (in the void).

After searching under the lighthouse, Parrot and Wifies discover a staircase leading to the void. They find another music disk telling them to fly in the void for two thousand blocks north, but after flying to the destination, they find a group of shulkers and a hole in the bedrock that was blocked off with obsidian. Parrot and Wives return to the hole they entered, but find that that hole has been blocked off as well. They return to the shulkers, running low on fireworks, and decide to fly to the void base of JumperWho, but with Wifies too low on fireworks to make it, they come up with the solution of using fishing rods to conserve.

Barely surviving the void, Parrot and Wifies play the new disk, which gives them the code of 9783, the password to PrinceZam's vault. Parrot and Wifies splash themselves with a potion of invisibility, and after sneaking past FlameFrags and ManePear, they enter the vault where they grab the next disk and a lodestone compass just before Merffinn comes out of AFK. The two head to their destination, where a lodestone floats in the air in an ice spikes biome. Confused about where the next clue is, Parrot replays the message over and over again until they figure out that the "riddle" in the message is hidden in the phrase "it's pretty straightforward, it gets pretty straight to the point." After following a straight line between the point of a nearby ice spike and the lodestone, they find a chest beneath the ice containing another lodestone compass.

Parrot and Wifies yet again follow the directions until they find a giant ice mountain with its insides carved out. An invisible player waits for them at the bottom in front of two large chests beside a parkour course that leads all the way to the top. He motions for them to put all their items in the chest before starting the parkour. They manage to make their way to the top with lots of close calls and retrieve their gear from two double chests as well as a third one that holds a lodestone compass and the next disk. They listen to the disk, which was just Spoke telling them good job and to continue finding the secret. Parrot then brings up the question of why he would want him to bring a friend, but they ignore that and head to the next location.

Parrot and Wifies arrive at a giant obsidian dome and are greeted by the same invisible player that was waiting for them at the parkour. He places down two double chests and they put their stuff in it, but Parrot secretly keeps two invis potions and golden carrots. They head into the next challenge, a maze, but soon realize that they need to find the disk and get out as soon as possible because they hear the voices of Wemmbu and PrinceZam, who are likely here to hunt them down. They splash themselves with invis and eventually find their way to the exit, which is blocked, and since they have mining fatigue, they can’t get out. However, Wemmbu finds them and they strike a deal. If Wemmbu lets them go, then he can have the disk and turtle egg in the chest at the center.

After their encounter with Wemmbu and PrinceZam, Parrot and Wifies decide to set an auto stasis chamber and sneak into PrinceZam’s vault to steal the disk, which will most likely be stored there. They splash themselves with invis, head into the vault, and steal the disk and turtle egg. The guards, ManePear and Peentar, and PrinceZam and Wemmbu attack them. They escape into the nether, but Wemmbu and PrinceZam find them. Parrot tells them that they can work together to find Spoke and after they give him the turtle egg and disk and return to the overworld, he breaks the portal. They escape again and listen to the disk.

Once the turtle egg hatched, Parrot and Wifies follow it all the way to the ocean, where they see a giant shipwreck in the water. On shore, the invisible player is waiting for them again with three double chests. They put their stuff in the first two chests and are supplied with two turtle shell helmets and eight water breathing potions. In the water, they find a shipwreck in the middle and ruins surrounding it. There are four towers surrounding the ship, each containing an item frame that they quickly deduct would have to be containing an item for a big hatch in the corner of the ruins to open. They find all of the items and open the hatch, which leads to an underwater graveyard, where they figure out where the chest is and take the disk and another lodestone compass.

It leads Parrot and Wifies to a jungle. They split up to search and Parrot finds a jungle temple containing the disk. When played, Spoke tells them to fly to 5000, 5000 in the nether. The invisible player is waiting for them at the coordinates and they put their stuff in the chests again.

On the other side of the portal is an escape room. Parrot and Wifies successfully complete all of the rooms and drop into a house in the middle of a mesa biome. Upon closer observation, however, the mesa is just a custom escape room inside a 100 by 100 obsidian box. They manage to escape that as well and collect the last disk. Spoke says that they are one step away from learning the secret and that it will change their life. Parrot then brings up the notion that Spoke had him bring a partner to do the scavenger hunt with, as well as the sheer amount of obsidian and manpower needed to complete that escape room. They head back to Parrot’s base and find the invisible player waiting for them there.

The invisible player drinks a bucket of milk and reveals himself to be Spoke all along. He takes Parrot and Wifies to the final obstacle, which is a series of tasks they will complete to determine the player who learns the secret. But here’s the catch: only one player can make it out alive. The other will get chunk banned. Parrot and Wifies debate whether to take the risk or not, but knowing everything they went through, they agree that they’ll figure something out. As they progress through the challenges (a puzzle, redstone parkour, maze, potion obstacle course, another parkour, and a mini escape room), when they reach the end, Parrot and Wifies are tied. However, Spoke has a tiebreaker, which is a game of chess. Parrot takes Wifies aside and they decide to end in a stalemate so Spoke can't ban either of them.

The plan works, but Spoke refuses to let both of them go. After a long moment between Parrot and Wifies, Wifies asks him if this secret is really worth it. Parrot tells Wifies that he knows what he's going to say, so Wifies gives Parrot his spyglass and steps into the chunk ban.

Once Parrot and Spoke arrive at the surface, Spoke reveals that there is no secret. He just wanted to get revenge on him for something he did in the past. But the problem was that Parrot didn’t have anything of true value that Spoke could take away from him, so he made this scavenger hunt and had Parrot invite another player to join him. The sole purpose of all of these challenges were to bring Parrot and Wifies as close together as possible so Spoke could chunk ban one of them off of the server. He told Parrot that right before Wifies was banned, he could tell that Wifies was doing it for someone he cared about, and from Parrot’s silence, he had lost someone he deeply cared about.

Parrot is speechless, but then, Wemmbu, PrinceZam, Merffinn, and LuigiToan. arrive. He realizes that they were tracking Spoke the whole time and this was why they wanted to hijack the scavenger hunt so badly. They chase him around the sky and eventually make their way all the way to the chunk ban.

They are about to kill Spoke when he says, “Parrot, I’m sorry man, but—” and steps into the chunk ban.


It's Impossible to Catch this Player

The episode starts off after Wemmbu's fight with SpokeIsHere, in which Spoke escaped using an ender pearl stasis chamber. Wemmbu, of course, makes it his goal to kill Spoke. Spoke’s base was, of course, empty, so he heads towards ParrotX2's base to ask him if he knows Spoke’s whereabouts, but Parrot doesn’t tell him anything. The only other player on the server that could know where Spoke was was JamatoP, but after interviewing him at his base, Wemmbu finds out that he doesn’t know anything. He is about to leave when he spots other players in the base and quickly hides. The other players turn out to be ManePear, Sorhin, and FlameFrags, three of PrinceZam's guards who are also looking for Spoke.

Wemmbu decides to follow the guards back to the Zam Empire to see if PrinceZam wanted to form an alliance with him in their search for Spoke. However, in the middle of their conversation, Mapicc jumps them and they see a plane launching TNT onto the Zam Empire in the distance. PrinceZam’s castle is blown up and a fight ensues between Wemmbu, PrinceZam, and his guards, ManePear, FlameFrags, Sorhin, LuigiToan, ECorridor, zzye, loppezz, yungwillx, and Peentar, and Spoke’s cronies, Mapicc, JumperWho, SykerMC, TeamKalal, Chiffoi, Elemental_Man, RealReeon, Only_A_Squid, Derapchu, What_Max, Arcn, ItsRyanStuff, and Sharooh. They manage to blow up TeamKalal before Spoke’s goons stasis away.

Wemmbu and PrinceZam check with TheRealSquiddo first for the whereabouts of Spoke due to her previous affiliations with him. Squiddo agrees to DM them the coordinates of where Spoke last was. They find contraband items, stacked totems, and a spawn egg in her chests, so they chunk ban her.  

Wemmbu and PrinceZam spot Parrot and Wifies at the lighthouse on the outskirts of the Zam Empire. After a bit of prodding, Parrot reveals that Spoke sent them on a scavenger hunt for a secret that could change the server. Wemmbu demands the disk (when played with a texture pack reveals the next clue) they were talking about, but they refuse. Wemmbu and PrinceZam catch them breaking into the castle and chase them around the empire grounds, eventually losing them.

They start heading to Squiddo’s coordinates, which are in the end. At the stronghold, they are attacked by Mapicc, Sharkilz_, and RealReeon, three of Spoke’s henchmen who are guarding the portal. Mapicc and Sharkilz_ are able to escape while they manage to chunk ban RealReeon.

Wemmbu and PrinceZam find a massive end base at the coordinates and sneak up on Spoke, JumperWho, and Derapchu. They chunk ban Derapchu and JumperWho, but Spoke escapes into the void.

Seeing that chunk banning Spoke wasn’t as easy as they thought it would be, Wemmbu and PrinceZam come up with a plan to get him without a totem, then one-shot him with a mace. They trade for a trial chamber map and mess around for a while before finding the chambers, where they get the ingredients for the mace. However, Arcn, Only_A_Squid, Fantst, Sharooh, and Mapicc jump them in the trial chambers, so Wemmbu heads to the surface to get wood craft the mace while PrinceZam leads them to him. They then engage into a big fight and Arcn is chunk banned.

Wemmbu and PrinceZam change plans and decide to go after Spoke’s henchmen, assuming that they will lead them to Spoke himself. They use an arrow tracker to track down Only_A_Squid and chunk ban him. They leave the underground base and after a bit of flying, spot a nether portal. They land to check it out and are attacked by Fantst and Sharooh, chunk banning Sharooh.

The next location is a giant obsidian box. They break inside and see Mapicc, engaging in a fight. They are about to drop him when a group of invisible players that are later revealed to be Spoke, Sharkilz_, and Fantst  jump them. They take PrinceZam hostage and use him as a bargaining chip for the mace. Wemmbu burns the mace, so they start attacking again. Wemmbu and PrinceZam are about to die when they suddenly stasis away, leaving them broke.

Once Wemmbu and PrinceZam regear themselves, they head to another obsidian box which, upon entering, isn’t infested with Spoke or his minions. Inside the obsidian box is a maze, and after wandering around, they find themselves back at the entrance. They assume that this is a trap set up by Mapicc until they hear Parrot and Wifies’s voice somewhere else in the maze. Wemmbu tells PrinceZam to barricade and guard the entrance while he starts searching for Parrot and Wifies. He is about to give up when he sees a name tag and mines in through the roof with a bucket of milk to counter the mining fatigue. He finds Parrot and Wifies without armour and makes a deal with them: if they show him where the disk is, then he’ll let them go alive. Wemmbu obtains the disk and turtle egg that was inside the chest at the center, but realizes that they need the texture pack Spoke sent Parrot to listen to the disk after Parrot and Wifies already left.

Regardless, Wemmbu and PrinceZam head back to the Zam Empire to set a trap for Parrot and Wifies, knowing that they would likely try to steal the disk. Since the arrow tracker pointed them to Parrot and Wifies, they must be related to Spoke in some way. They put the disk in PrinceZam’s castle’s vault and set their ender pearl stasis chambers in a pile of gold and emerald blocks.

Wemmbu and PrinceZam arrive at a manmade hole dug into the floor of an ocean decorated with custom coral, ruins, and many elder guardians. They come across a giant underwater castle and enter it, finding Sharkilz_ and chunk banning him after a short fight. However, not ten seconds after they ban him, the entire castle blows up, including the chunk ban, allowing Sharkilz_ to log back on and start attacking, as well as Fantst, who was hiding in the castle to jump them. In the end, they manage to chunk ban both Sharkilz_ and Fantst.

Seeing that they only had one more location to go to, PrinceZam and Wemmbu split up so PrinceZam could go back to his empire to fetch more people and chunk bans and Wemmbu could stall Spoke.

Wemmbu flies away until he eventually finds two twin towers guarding a blown up entrance into a mountain. He goes in and spots an invisible player, assuming that it was Mapicc. He communicates using signs and tells Wemmbu that he doesn’t care if he bans him off and that he would take Wemmbu to Spoke under a few conditions.

The invisible player leads Wemmbu to a giant ice mountain that was hollowed out to create a parkour course inside. The player tells Wemmbu that he needs to complete the course without cheating and with no armour. After a few close calls with death, he completes the parkour, where he learns that this is part of the scavenger hunt Parrot and Wifies were doing.

The player then leads Wemmbu to the next location, the same obsidian box he and PrinceZam previously found Parrot and Wifies in. The player tells Wemmbu that Spoke told him that he didn’t properly complete the maze. He forces Wemmbu to put all of his stuff in a chest and gives him two minutes to solve the maze. Wemmbu easily finds his way to the center and the player tells him that phase two is complete. He takes back all of his gear and the player leads him to the third location.

The invisible player puts down a sign that says “Squiddo’s castle.” Wemmbu, realizing that this wasn’t Mapicc, but instead, Spoke, starts critting him out, but he pulls his ender pearl stasis and disappears after a quick fight.

Wemmbu elytras to Squiddo’s castle, assuming that Spoke is there. The castle is almost completely burned down with fire spreading everywhere. He quickly finds Spoke and lands in front of him. They quickly engage in battle while Spoke tries to overpower Wemmbu’s moral with his taunts. Spoke tells him that at the end of the day, no matter how many people Wemmbu chunk bans, he will still be on the losing side of this war. Wemmbu says that PrinceZam is bringing people right now to help him, but Spoke retorts that no matter how many materials or manpower he brings, the amount of gear Spoke possesses is unimaginable. After a long, long, fight, Wemmbu manages to steal Spoke’s shulker full of all his materials and finally drain him of his resources, forcing him to yet again stasis away. However, before he left, Spoke shot a few arrows that Wemmbu could use to track his location, which he must’ve intended for him to find.

Before Wemmbu could process any of the information, he was teleported to PrinceZam’s vault by the ender pearl stasis chamber they had set earlier. He sees PrinceZam, ManePear, and Peentar battling two invisible players that had stolen the disk and turtle egg and realizes that Parrot and Wifies had come to rob them. They chase them all the way to their underground nether portal and head inside, where they quickly find Parrot and Wifies behind a cluster of magma blocks. Wemmbu and PrinceZam strike a deal with them that they would hand Parrot and Wifies the disk to decode and then they would work together to find Spoke. Once Wemmbu and PrinceZam return to the overworld, though, Parrot and Wifies break the portal and escape. Wemmbu and PrinceZam return to the nether to search for them, but it was already too late.

They gather Merffinn and LuigiToan, two of PrinceZam’s guards and head in the direction Spoke’s arrows pointed towards. However, when they reach the location, they see something interesting, finding Parrot chasing Spoke around in the sky. They follow parrot and start attacking Spoke. He leads them into two obsidian surrounded staircases and into what must’ve been the final challenge in Parrot and Wifies’s scavenger hunt, which included a puzzle, a redstone parkour course, a maze, a potion obstacle course, another parkour, a mini escape room, and a life-sized chess set.

A fight ensues in the last room with the chessboard, which Merffinn discovers contains an active chunk ban. Spoke, on the other hand, says a few last words to Parrot and steps into the chunk ban. Everyone is shocked and confused, but Wemmbu realizes that he would rather be chunk banned than die at the hands of the Zam Empire, which meant that prisons would have to be constructed to keep the chunk bans from being broken. Now, all that was left to do was rebuild the Zam Empire.


I Broke into Minecraft's Most Secure Prison

The episode starts off with ParrotX2 and rekrap2 breaking into the first prison, a purple hurricane-shaped prison. They splash themselves with an invis potion and ender pearl in, getting through the bubble column and sign maze defense before the guards start investigating the prison. They discover the break in and find the duo in the lava defense, so Parrot and Rekrap chorus fruit out, digging away and escaping from the prison.

In a voice over, Parrot explains that in the center of the prison is a chunk ban, an area in which if you step in, you are banned off of the server. A few days ago, one of Parrot’s best friends, Wifies, stepped into one. Before he could free Wifies, SpokeIsHere, one of the most wanted players on this server, stepped into the chunk ban as well. The construction of a prison was ordered to keep Spoke banned forever. But even though it seemed impossible, Parrot was going to break Wifies out.

To be able to break Wifies out, Parrot and Rekrap would have to assemble a team of players to help break him out, which was why they were going to the smaller prisons to break Spoke’s former underlings, who were also trapped in chunk bans, out. Parrot would be responsible for building a TNT cannon that would destroy the chunk ban, while Rekrap would distract the guards, Merffinn, yungwillx, and woogiex.

The second prison was an end prison with a network of islands connected by flying machines. Parrot and Rekrap invis and attempt to make it to the prison undercover by the flying machines, but the guards spot Rekrap, so Parrot takes the chance to elytra in. However, his attempt to build the TNT cannon catches the guards’ attention, and after multiple failed tries, he and Rekrap decide to dip and lead the guards on a big chase before finally getting away.


Parrot and Rekrap decide to head to the Zam Empire to negotiate a deal with PrinceZam, the player that ordered the construction of the prisons. Parrot asks him to lift the ban for sixty seconds, but PrinceZam declines. Parrot then tells him that he and Rekrap are going to break out out Wifies, but PrinceZam laughs and says that the new technology (atom grid, auto piglin banners, and sculk cake chunk bans) he’s implemented won’t allow it. Parrot doesn’t believe him and he and Rekrap leave the castle and reconvene at Rekrap’s base to prepare for the next prison.

They go on a scouting mission to the next prison, a completely underwater one. They splash themselves with invis and go down to check out the prison, but realize that they can’t see anything through the water. There is one big issue to breaking into this prison, Parrot reasons. If the entire prison is underwater, then the chunk ban will also likely be encased in water. They would have to find a way to blow up the chunk ban underwater. They find a way to blow up submerged TNT using blocks of sand and spawning withers.

Parrot and Rekrap return to the prison with all the necessary supplies needed to blow up the chunk ban. They manage to sneak into the prison’s defenses, an obsidian maze, without any guards noticing, but they quickly catch on. The guards, woogiex, Willsion, and What_Max all start chasing Rekrap, and he and Parrot are separated in the chaos. Parrot finds the chunk ban, which is surrounded by a glass wall that marks the borders of the ban, but a guard finds him. They both manage to escape, regrouping a ways away from the entrance (26:47: gyatt).

Heading back into the prison, they immediately are found by guards and quickly make their way to the chunk ban. Parrot then starts spawning loads of withers while Rekrap distracts the guards. Just as they predicted, after a while, one of the withers blew up the chunk ban and they make their very frantic escape. They meet back up at a nearby mountain and recruit the player freed from the chunk ban, Derapchu, as the third member of their prison-breaking team.

Derapchu leads them to another prison that he knows the coords of, located in the jungle. They then head back to base to start prepping for the prison. Parrot decides that since withers were too random and that they got lucky breaking the last chunk ban, the only way to destroy the next one was with a TNT cannon. They start practicing constructing TNT cannons and eventually find a simplified design of it that the three of them combined could complete in under fifteen seconds.

The fourth prison break begins with invis Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu sneaking into the prison. They dig into the walls and find weird redstone contraptions. The guards, Merffinn, Peentar, and yungwillx, however, find evidence of the broken redstone, and realize that someone is trying to break in. Searching the floors, Parrot discovers a chunk ban at the top floor. The guards, however, find Derapchu and start chasing after him. Realizing there was no way of communicating with the rest of his team, Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu decide to get on a phone call. Eventually, the guards start catching on to Parrot and he tells Rekrap to start blowing the chunk ban up.

Parrot leads the guards on a big chase while Rekrap starts attempting to blow the chunk ban up. They all end up on the floor of the chunk ban and a big fight ensues (57:17: magical chunk ban). Parrot realizes that the only way to actually successfully build the chunk ban was to get rid of all of the guards. They attack the guards and continue fighting until all of the guards had no choice but to dip or risk getting killed. With no one to hinder the blowing up of the chunk ban, they free one of Spoke’s henchmen. However, Parrot realizes that they had freed someone who wouldn't want to join their prison-breaking team.

Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu decide to head to the first prison to check what kind of defenses PrinceZam had added, but before they even came within a thousand block radius, their game immediately crashed and respawned them in a nearby taiga forest. This was one of the new technologies that Zam added to the prison holding Spoke and Wifies, a server-crashing piece of technology. Not knowing how to solve this, they leave it for now and focus on the next prison.

The next prison is a prison situated in the nether in a volcano, so Parrot proposes a new solution to breaking the chunk bans: flying machines and TNT minecarts. They scout the prison first and instead of one or two chunk bans, there are three stacked a ways apart from each other.

Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu sneak into the prison, but are quickly found out. Parrot starts building a flying machine, but is caught in the act and narrowly escapes, leading the guards on a big chase and giving Rekrap and Derapchu the chance to destroy the chunk bans. Once he loses the guards, Parrot heads back to the prison and sneaks into the walls. Rekrap and Derapchu, however, are caught and engages with the guards. Parrot takes the opportunity to successfully break the middle chunk ban with a flying machine when the guards weren’t paying attention. They all get into a big fight with Merffinn, FlameFrags, SykerMC, Sorhin, and Woogie and decide to dip and head back to base. Parrot manages to loose the guards in the wall and mines out.

They regroup back at Rekrap’s base and decide to head to the Zam Empire to possibly swipe information about PrinceZam’s new technology. He reveals to them that that is something called a memory ban, but when Parrot tries to pry more info about the memory ban, he deigns to tell them anything. Parrot also voices that many of the same guards are guarding the prisons they went to, so asks him if he cycles the guards. They meet back at base and Parrot reasons that if the guards are being cycled throughout the prisons, then there must be a way in and out that the guards take.

Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu head to the next prison, a snowglobe prison in the middle of a snowy taiga. They splash invis and start scouting out the snowglobe, discovering a group of drowned patrolling the top of a soul sand water elevator containing a beacon. Parrot realizes that if the chunk ban stretched all the way to the top of the snowglobe, then there was no way PrinceZam could have it covered, so the top must be safe to break in from. They dig into the wall and eventually break through into the actual prison containing the chunkban. However, the guards, Sorhin, Merffinn, and SykerMC, catch onto them, so Rekrap quickly creates a TNT distraction to occupy the guards. Parrot successfully builds and sends out a flying machine to break the chunk ban. He escapes through a ruined portal in the desert and reconvenes with everyone at the base, where another freed player is waiting for them.

As a skilled PVPer, Fantst was a very good player to have on their side, so after a bit of convincing, Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu add Fantst to their prison-breaking team. He also knows the whereabouts of a sky prison, which they make their way to. They land on one of the surrounding islands in the sky, but don’t spot any guards. They spot the chunk ban exposed in the middle of the central castle and sneak in. However, one of the guards, Willsion, spots them and starts attacking. They exit and lure the rest of the guards, who are invis, outside. Parrot, Derapchu, and Fantst distract the guards while Rekrap destroys the chunk ban. They then engage into a big fight with ManePear, Willsion, SykerMC, and SmileyyMC, but after realizing that they couldn’t win this battle, they dip.

After meeting back up at Rekrap’s base, the prison-breaking team reflects on the previous prison and how easy it was. Fantst then says that their mission wasn’t possible, shocking everyone. He elytras over to a nearby cobblestone platform on the shore of the ocean right next to an active chunk ban. He tells Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu that what they’re doing is too risky for him, and he doesn’t want to get banned. At the last prison, he was the one tanking all the damage and carrying everyone. Leaving with that, he steps into the chunk ban without a second thought.

Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu are downcast, as they had just gained Fantst and losing him was a big blow. Even with that loss, they have no choice but to keep breaking into prisons if they wanted to accomplish their goal. With that, they head to the next and final prison before the ultimate breakout, another end prison.

They start sneaking into the walls, spotting the guards, loppezz and SykerMC. They eventually find the central room with the chunk ban and form a plan: Rekrap and Derapchu will distract the guards while Parrot destroys the chunk ban with TNT minecarts. The chunk ban is blown up and Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu start fighting the guards in a 3v2. Realizing that they’re outnumbered, loppezz and SykerMC dip and elytra out of the prison, leaving Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu alone there. Unfortunately, despite their easy victory, they had freed someone who had no intention of teaming with them.

While in the end, Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu decide to go to the other end prison. Upon arrival, they find one of the guards, FlameFrags, munching on pizza in real life. Seeing that he seemed to be the only guard here and was willing to let them destroy the chunk ban, they left him alone and blew up the chunk ban. However, once he was done with the pizza, he started attacking them, so after a short fight, they dip and head back to base.

A few minutes after Parrot, Rekrap, and Derapchu return back to base, a player named JumperWho whom they had freed from the second end prison arrives. JumperWho agrees to join them, becoming the fourth member of their team.

Parrot, Rekrap, Derapchu, and JumperWho start brainstorming ways to break out Wifies and Spoke from the final prison. The first defense they have to get past is the memory ban, which they get around by going through the nether and past the area the memory ban is placed over. After arriving at the location of the final prison, Parrot and Rekrap go ahead to scout out the prison while Derapchu and JumperWho stay back to guard the portal. Parrot and Rekrap manage to scout out a decent amount of the prison from the outside before they’re caught by the guards, so they escape and regroup with Derapchu and JumperWho to review the footage they captured (2:39:55: creative mode). Inside of the prison, they find many layers of chest and obsidian defenses surrounding the chunk ban, which is being held by a baby piglin, causing it to have a longer radius. On top of that, they also have to deal with the six guards patrolling the prison.

Parrot proposes an idea to get rid of the guards: since there is a very short period of time between a player entering a chunk ban and them actually getting banned off, they could use that to their advantage to set a trap. One player would act as bait and fly into an active chunk ban, luring all six of the guards in and getting them banned. However, right before the bait flew into the chunk ban, they would message the rest of the prison-breaking team and they would pull the player’s set ender pearl stasis, which, if successful, would temporarily ban all six of the guards off of the server, giving them at least six hours before anyone logged on, as it was the middle of the night. Everyone unanimously decided on JumperWho as the bait, and surprisingly, they pulled it off, banning Merffinn, yungwillx, Peentar, SykerMC, loppezz, and ManePear off of the server.

Parrot, Rekrap, Derapchu, and JumperWho arrive at the entrance of the prison to greet a fifth member of their prison-breaking team that Parrot invited, a professional Minecraft prison escapist called _Kenadian_. They show Kenadian the footage of the prison and he devises a plan to break in. First, they build a wither borer to try and break into the obsidian. They break through the first layer of obsidian, but realize that they have to conceal their evidence, so they explode the wither borer with flying machines loaded with end crystals and TNT. After a few attempts of trial and error, Kenadian reasons that it would be very time consuming and difficult to destroy the chunk ban from the surface, so they head underground to try and break in instead. They build many TNT cannons to explode their way 144 blocks to the central piglin ban from their location. After they do that, they make a road of ancient debris and send hundreds of TNT minecarts to damage the piglin from below. After hours of testing, failure, and trying again, the ban is finally lifted. Wifies and Spoke were freed and that is how the greatest prison-breaking team broke into Minecraft’s most secure prison.

However, the story isn’t over yet. PrinceZam placed a target and bounty over Parrot’s head for breaking into the prisons, and he is now being hunted by Minecraft's deadliest player.


I Created Minecraft's Greatest Civilization

The episode starts off with PrinceZam summoning Wemmbu to his castle in the Zam Empire for a meeting. PrinceZam tells him that since he helped Wemmbu ban SpokeIsHere, the villain of the server, off, Wemmbu still owes him a favor. He wants Wemmbu to build him a colony of the Zam Empire to guard a vault he has. He also gives Wemmbu lots of materials to build the empire, and tells him to not go into the vault. Wemmbu gives PrinceZam all of his elytras to make space in his ender chest.

Wemmbu heads to the coordinates PrinceZam sent him, located on the top of a big hill in a plains biome. The vault is under a red tulip and when he digs down, he finds a big obsidian box, but doesn’t go in it. He gets started on building a town hall for the colony, but realizes that he doesn’t have the necessary skills to make a good-looking build, so just builds a starter wooden house which he calls the shed.

Another key factor Wemmbu would need to create a colony would be people to live in it, so he invites one of his friends, Eggchan, to help him establish it. He meets Egg and they head to his house near spawn, but find that it’s been blown up. Having a new source of motivation to grow this colony since they’re now homeless, Wemmbu and Egg get to work on a new pumpkin farm and storage room for all of the shulkers of materials under the shed.

Wemmbu soon discovers that Egg isn’t very good at Minecraft, so he heads into the nether to gather materials for an ender pearl stasis chamber in case anything goes wrong. He sets both of their stases in the room below the shed and shows Egg how to use it. He starts farming the pumpkin farm when FlameFrags, one of PrinceZam’s guards, arrives at the colony. What was weird was that Flame wasn’t wearing his Zam Empire armor or shield. He starts attacking Wemmbu, who stasises away into the shed’s underground bunker where Egg is waiting for him.

They form a plan, where Egg will go out to lure Flame to the underground bunker, where Wemmbu will set up traps of TNT for him. He gives Egg his combat kit and a crash course on how to survive PVPing someone. Using the TNT minecarts, they escape and Flame leaves the colony. Wemmbu is dismayed when he finds out that Egg broke the entirety of his god set, leaving them broke with nothing but a blown up colony. The shulker box with all of the redstone in it was also blown up.

He shows Egg the vault PrinceZam asked him to guard, and Egg wants to look inside of it, but Wemmbu doesn’t let him. He theorizes that that’s why Flame came to the colony. They build a villager breeder, a block of campfires, and a two block high obsidian wall as a defense around the central area of the colony. Wemmbu starts a raid to obtain more totems. They also make a dripstone trap in front of the shed, a TNT minecart trap at the entrance, and start regearing their armor. Another player called C4CorvetteOwner is invited into their colony, but later leaves.

Later, a big group of rather undergeared players, LettuceK, Twirps, Spongs, youri_mc, Falconu, and Jaden_MAN, which FlameFrags ordered to kill them show up. They engage in a big fight and eventually chase the players away, winning the battle thanks to Wemmbu’s elytra. However, the battle left them with an even more blown up colony. The strange thing was that no one tried to get into the obsidian vault. Their only goal seemed to be to kill Wemmbu. Since the situation seems to be suspicious, Egg suggests cutting them off from the Zam Empire, but Wemmbu tells him that it’s a bad idea and gives him a history lesson on the Zam Empire.

Both Egg and Wemmbu suck at building, so they invite a professional builder called Horace_Altman to give feedback on their work. After a few minutes of being criticized by him, Wemmbu gives up and just hires him for twelve emeralds to build them a real colony using the materials in their shulker boxes.

The next day, Wemmbu and Egg return to the colony to find that Horace built an entire castle as the center of the town and an entire village at the base of the hill just like the Zam Empire. They pay him twelve more emeralds to make other renovations to the colony and add another town hall.

They start recruiting residents in their colony and their first recruit is TheRealSquiddo, who was previously chunk banned by Wemmbu. He is surprised to see her and asks her how she managed to get unbanned. Squiddo tells him that she just logged on and ended up outside of a prison unbanned. When they are heading up to the castle, they see a message in chat that ClownPierce has logged on. Wemmbu notices that ParrotX2 is also online and explains to Egg that ClownPierce is one of the people who are at FlameFrag’s skill level. They then recruit another two resident, Dione4K and Block_Facts to their colony.

They return to the castle and a while later, spot two players in full netherite landing in the town square, one invis, who is Parrot, and the other, ClownPierce. He lands at the castle and asks them about Parrot’s whereabouts. He starts looking around the castle as Wemmbu receives a message from Parrot saying “help me.” Once Clown leaves to look for Parrot, he reveals himself and asks for help. Wemmbu tells him to hide in the villager breeder, but Clown returns and starts killing all of his villagers, somehow sensing that Parrot is in there. Eventually, Clown goes away.

Parrot tells them that Clown was hired by PrinceZam to assassinate him. They go to the shed’s underground bulker to talk. Clown blew up Wifies's house and jumped Parrot and Wifies. Parrot had gotten Wifies and a bunch of Spoke’s henchmen out of the chunk bans, which was why Zam had put a bounty on his head. Wemmbu realizes that that was how Squiddo had gotten out, and that Parrot had basically undid weeks of work. Wemmbu tells him that he is with Zam, and Parrot immediately gets out of the shed. Wemmbu tells him that he trusts Zam, but Parrot questions it and Wemmbu finds out that Spoke isn’t chunk banned anymore. He decides to let Parrot go, and Parrot tells him that he could free Fantst, one of Spoke’s underlings in a chunk ban, and get him to join their colony.

Before they can go free Fantst, PrinceZam and two of his guards, ManePear and Merffinn, show up and ask for an update on how things are going. Wemmbu tells him everything and asks why FlameFrags attacked them and why ClownPierce was hunting Parrot. PrinceZam says that Flame betrayed them but says nothing about Clown. He checks the vault and tells Wemmbu that he is glad that no one broke into the vault. He leaves ManePear and Merffinn at the colony to protect them.

They successfully free Fantst from the chunk ban and recruit him as a resident of their colony. While at the chunk ban, they find rekrap2's base nearby, Parrot and the rest of his prison-breaking team's headquarters. They find two sets of god armor and lots of OP items. They take everything of use from that base and get stacked from the loot. They make another vault below the first one under the shed to store all of their stuff. Wemmbu sends Egg a railgun tutorial to build one as a defense using all of the redstone they gained, as well as terraform a hill to hide it. Egg starts building a gold farm, so Wemmbu goes to check it out.

Horace messages Wemmbu to head back to their colony. When they arrive, they see that Horace built giant wall at least thirty blocks tall around the entire colony, as well as sprawling farms and a town hall. Later, ManePear and Merffinn ask to see all of their traps, but at night, Wemmbu catches them tampering and rigging the railgun so that it wouldn’t work. He stays undercover and doesn’t interrupt them to not raise any suspicions. In the morning, while the guards are logged off, they check the railgun and find that they weren’t very discreet in sabotaging it.

After recruiting another resident called Spepticle to their colony, Wemmbu takes Egg to the castle and tells him about the guards’ sabotage. Egg tells him that since this happened, there was no reason not to look into the vault. The guards had moved the auto-loader and left wood blocks on the machine. Egg then asks why they wouldn’t want them to kill FlameFrags. After checking the other traps, it seems that the guards hadn’t touched anything else. Wemmbu wants to ask PrinceZam about this, but Egg convinces him not to because then PrinceZam wouldn’t tell him anything, and he would also know. Egg wants them to trust Parrot instead of PrinceZam, and most important of all, to look in the vault. Wemmbu lets Egg check the vault and says that if they get caught, they could just blame it on Dione. However, they discover the vault is empty.

Egg says that they are virtually useless because there is nothing that they’re guarding. Either PrinceZam is an awful emperor, or that they don’t know everything. Now Wemmbu is questioning everything they’ve worked for. Egg proposes that they get information out of the guards, since they probably know what’s going on.

Wemmbu and Egg go about minding their own business, until Parrot shows up again, this time asking for their protection. He says that he had joined another team, made up of Leow0ok, JumperWho, Derapchu, and WoogieX, whose only goal was to kill ClownPierce, but they didn’t care about his safety at all, so he left them. The Wemmbu civilization was now the only team on the server that could protect him. Wemmbu agrees to take him in because if he tells ManePear and Merffinn that Parrot joined their colony, if ClownPierce and FlameFrags showed up at their doorstep right after, then that would confirm everything about Zam.

Wemmbu also asks Parrot to build other traps, since ManePear and Merffinn already found all of the defenses they have. Parrot builds them a chunk ban trap to defend against invaders. Wemmbu tells him that they won’t risk the entire Wemmbu civilization for keeping Parrot safe, but they will try to protect him. He also explains why the Wemmbu civilization was created in the first place. Parrot goes to start building the chunk bans while Wemmbu and Egg gear up the citizens.

They grab all of the PVP kits they have and bring everyone to the town hall, as well as a new citizen called expchan. Wemmbu makes amends with Fantst and Fantst tells him that Parrot is trustworthy. He gathers everyone and tells them not to trust ManePear and Merffinn, to ignore them, Parrot is building chunk ban traps called flycatchers, so don’t go near them, and that ClownPierce and FlameFrags may be showing up at any moment.

Merffinn finally log back on and Wemmbu gives them an update on the empire, making sure to tell them that Parrot is now a citizen in the Wemmbu civilization.

A while later, Wemmbu and Egg spot Parrot frantically flying towards them. He tells them that there are people at the front gate who are planning to attack them. Jaden_MAN was chunk banned, but there were still more than they were comfortable with, so they gather all of the citizens and head to the gate, where FlameFrags, Falconu, LettuceK, Spongs, and an invis player that was most definitely ClownPierce. They build a TNT cannon to shoot at them, but don’t have a daylight sensor, so the cannon blows up. Eventually the enemies find out that they can pearl in, so a battle ensues in the city walls, where the crop fields get bombed.

Parrot has to dip and regear mid fight because his boots broke, but eventually, they manage to chase their opponents away. Wemmbu proclaims it as a victory as no one dropped, even though they’re drained of resources and half the town is bombed. Once they restock, Parrot thanks them for their help and leaves to mind his own business, while Wemmbu and Egg start brainstorming ways to get rid of FlameFrags.

Wemmbu and Egg start discussing what had just happened when out of nowhere, FlameFrags appears at the top of the hill, pots up, and starts attacking. He takes the fight to a nearby ocean monument to try and stall Flame, but the elder guardian, a crucial part of his plan, despawns, leaving Wemmbu helpless and without rockets. They return to the colony, where Egg distracts Flame while Wemmbu escapes with a nearly broken trident. However, when Egg got away, Flame finds Wemmbu and starts attacking once again. Just when Wemmbu is about to drop, Flame stops attacking and lets him live, leaving for some unknown reason. Wemmbu and Egg return and group up at the castle, finding PrinceZam, Sorhin, Merffinn, and FlameFrags waiting for them.

PrinceZam, as always asks for a tour, so Wemmbu shows him everything. He then exposes Zam for everything that he’s done to the Wemmbu civilization, but this time, Zam doesn’t make anything up or try lie to him. PrinceZam tells Wemmbu that Flame was working to kill him under his orders all along, and that now, he doesn’t consider Wemmbu as a big enough threat to actually do anything, so he orders his guards to blow up the empire. PrinceZam tells him that he is unbelievably weak, so much so that he should just get out of the Zam Empire’s way. Wemmbu responds that this was just PrinceZam’s way to laugh not being able to stop the weakest player on the server, Parrot, from breaking into his prisons and freeing everyone that was chunk banned, and that ClownPierce had already failed at killing Parrot.

As Wemmbu and PrinceZam stand there watching the colony blow up, Wemmbu tells him that PrinceZam had made a big mistake in underestimating him.


I Got Hunted by Minecraft's Deadliest Players

The episode starts with ClownPierce suddenly breaking into Parrot and Wifies's home. He almost kills Parrot before stopping and telling him to follow him to his castle. When Parrot asks Clown why he attacked but didn't kill him, he reveals that he was hired to kill Parrot, but outright killing him wouldn't be any fun. When Parrot asked what Clown means, Clown said that it means that their conversation was over before he started counting down, which makes Parrot rush to leave the castle, but is unsuccessful, opting to hide within the castle instead. While searching for Parrot, Clown offers him a fair 1 v 1 and the coordinates to his circus, saying that in the end, they're not that different from each other. Needing answers regarding who hired Clown and how he was going to survive him, Parrot heads to the circus but brings Wifies with him to help fight. The two of them assume that they would get an easy victory because they had one extra player, but are soon proven wrong when Clown gains the upper hand. The two of them keep trying to escape, especially after Wifies pops his helmet, but are unable to due to mining fatigue. Eventually, Leow0ok, JumperWho, Derapchu, Woogiex,, and Willsion break into the circus and attack Clown, but he manages to get away.

When Parrot asks what's going on, Leo explains that he's been hunting Clown for ages and has been hiring bounty hunters to do so. When Parrot mentions that someone hired Clown to assassinate him, Leo asks for more information. Realizing that Leo and his hunters can protect Parrot while he helps Leo get rid of Clown once and for all, they then devise a plan to kill him using traps and ambushes before heading to their headquarters for further discussion. Parrot proposes that he'll be bait, but make it as hard as possible to kill him before asking Leo how much his budget is, to which Leo answers that it is unlimited. Parrot says that he wants a self-sealing vault to trap him in that Clown would try to break into. Leo accepts. He gives Parrot and Wifies TNT so they can blow Clown's castle up. They are unsure about the exact purpose of doing this, but assumes it is to send a message that they weren't messing around.

When Wifies and Parrot arrive at the castle, Clown spots them and starts attacking while Parrot and Wifies start exploding the castle. Clown doesn't care about the explosions, saying that he can just repair it in a few days and keeps targeting Parrot, but Parrot escapes and meets back up with Wifies. They talk about Leo not caring about thier safety and how PrinceZam may be who hired Clown.

Leo finishes constructing the vault and Parrot heads to it to lock himself inside and tells Wifies not to get involved. Leo escorts Parrot to a room in the center of the vault containing a small house, several containers, and a small jungle biome, and tells him that he can't exactly say where the escape routes are since "you never know who could be listening." He and gives him the hint "B5," saying that he'll get it when it comes down to it, then stasises out. Wifies reveals himself to Parrot, having been invisible this whole time, saying that he couldn't just leave Parrot alone in the vault, and that that two is better than one. They try to figure out how the vault works and the escape route in case of an emergency by solving the puzzles inside.

Multiple horns blare, acting as a siren signaling Clown's arrival. Parrot and Wifies stay calm, saying that since the hunters are in a 4 v 1, they'll easily kill Clown. The episode's POV switches to Jumper, showing them struggling against Clown, who is accompanied by FerreMC and Mugm. The POV switches back to Parrot with Wifies, saying that they'll be fine and realistically, they just have to wait it out. He says that since there are three layers, in the worst case (Clown wins), they're screwed—Wifies highly doubts that it'll come to that, but agrees that is anything goes wrong, they should know the escape route just in case. Parrot and Wifies go back to trying to escape.

Parrot accidentally falls down a secret hole through a shulker box into layer one, and Wifies follows him. They explore for a bit and find an evacuation port that leads back to the jungle room. The POV switches to Leo, where the Clown hunters are still fighting against Clown's team. The POV switches back to Parrot, where they are still attempting to solve the puzzles in layer one. Parrot turns on hitboxes and discovers a boat in a wall that leads to a control room containing various levers to activate traps and a sign that says "NOTICE: KEEP OBSIDIAN ON HAND AT ALL TIMES TO MASK DOORWAYS." After looking around and taking the boat, they go back to the jungle room, unsure of what to do. The POV switches to Jumper, where they are still fighting against Clown's team, they are low on resources, and Leo laments that it was supposed to be a 4 v 1. He says that he has to dip and leaves the fight.

The POV switches back to Parrot, where they discuss how weird it was that it was taking them so long to give the signal. Parrot suggests trying to escape the control room. They go to the control room, and just as they were rummaging around, the sirens blare again. Unsure of what to do, Parrot and Wifies keep looking around. The sirens blare again, but there were only two horns this time, which concerns Parrot and Wifies. The sirens blare again and the POV switches to Jumper, where they are still struggling against Clown's team. Derapchu and Jumper leave the fight as well, leaving Woogie alone to stall Clown's team.

The POV switches back to Parrot, where they are still trying to solve the puzzles in layer one, then go back to the jungle room. They express their concerns about it being too peaceful and wonder whether the Clown hunters have forgotten about them. Wifies asks Parrot if he has read "I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream," and tells Parrot about A.M., saying that he has been cited as "the most evil character in fiction," and that he absolutely despises his creators. Parrot interrupts Wifies, silencing him and looking up at the trees, swearing that he heard something and that he saw a nametag. Wifies shushes Parrot and whispers that he heard talking.

Ferre, Clown, and Mugm can be heard talking, which prompts Wifies and Parrot to escape to the control room. Wifies splashes the two of them with invisibility potions and they express concern of there being multiple people inside. Mugm talks about an elevator and Parrot has a flashback about the shulker box entrance. The three of them go down the entrance, while Wifies expresses concern that they'll soon be found. Clown's team starts rummaging around and destroying certain areas to look for anything noteworthy. Parrot and Wifies pearl into a wall and discover a hallway containing multiple exits labelled with letters and numbers. They seal themselves in with an obsidian wall and go to the one labelled "EXIT B5" just as Clown's team finds the same hallway. They find a water elevator room blocked by a ceiling of soil. They pearl above it and find another water elevator filled with wardens. Parrot finds an exit lined by lava but manages to get out onto the roof and flies away. They escape after Wifies pearls out.

They panic, wondering since when did Clown have a team while flying through the nether, Wifies says to take the weirdest route they can and leave no traces. They hide in a wall, assuring themselves that there's no way Clown's team will find them. Parrot and Wifies discuss the Clown hunters dipping, with Parrot lamenting the fact that they promised their safety and Wifies scorning the "safe billionaire budget unbreachable base." Parrot says that if B5 didn't work, they would've been doomed, and that he is shaking. Wifies worries about Parrot saying that Clown is gonna chase him until the end of time, Parrot says he doesn't know and that he's gonna have to have a stern talk with Leo.

Parrot and Wifies arrive at the headquarters and find Leo, Jumper, and Woogie there along with a bunch of villagers roaming around. After Parrot kills some of the villagers, they tell him to "chill." Parrot angrily scolds them on what happened earlier and the fact that they left with no warning. The Clown hunters argue that they promised to kill Clown—not to protect them, and questioned why they even care if they made it out alive. Parrot argues that they weren't safe at all, and Leo says that they weren't either, and should be happy that they're alive. Parrot and Wifies leave with Parrot saying to hit him up if they come up with a better plan. After they discuss the Clown hunters' actions, Parrot decides to live at spawn for the next few days.

Wifies goes to Parrot's base and tells him that he wants to show him something, to which Parrot agrees. Wifies leads Parrot to his base, where the outside perimeter has been bombed, saying that he saw it when he logged on, unsure if it was supposed to be a threat. He can only imagine that it was Clown who did it. He leads Parrot to a sign that says "This is your last warning." Wifies says that they need to do something or else more people would get caught as collateral. Parrot helps Wifies repair the holes while discussing why Clown would bomb Wifies' base since he isn't Clown's target. Parrot gets ambushed by Clown and tells Wifies to make an escape tunnel for him, since Clown would chase him if he flew away. Just as Parrot approaches the tunnel, Clown blocks it off, forcing Parrot to fly away with Wifies telling him to go to someone else, anyone else. Parrot stumbles upon the Wemmbu Civilization where he hides behind the city hall and whispers to Wemmbu for help. He goes down to the village, where he asks TheRealSquiddo and Block_Facts for help, but they're completely useless, so he runs around the village until Clown water buckets right in front of him. Once Parrot reaches the edge of town, he flies back to the city hall, where he asks Wemmbu for help and explains his situation. Wemmbu tells him to hide in the villager breeder. Clown spots him anyway and starts attacking. Parrot manages to run and hide as Clown flies away in an attempt to chase him.

Parrot explains his situation to Wemmbu and Eggchan, but Wemmbu tells him to go to the shed so he can explain it properly without being outside their two-block-high wall. When they get to the shed, Parrot begs Wemmbu for help but then Wemmbu says that he's with the Zam Empire, so Parrot gets out since he's sure that Zam hired Clown. Parrot begs Wemmbu to let him go, which Wemmbu agrees, since he didn't want any more enemies. He asks Parrot if there's anybody he could recruit to his civilization, and Parrot suggests Fantst, who is still chunk banned, then leaves.

His interaction with Wemmbu makes Parrot realize he could be a potential teammate, despite not having been on good terms in the past, as he heads to the headquarters where he overhears Leo, Jumper, and Woogie wanting to buy a yacht. He asks where Derapchu is, since he didn't show up last time, but none of them know. He apologized for getting mad and explains that Clown has gotten worse. He asks if they've seen Wifies, but they say that they haven'tand that Parrot should know where he is since they're always together. Parrot proposes a plan to chunk ban Clown, trapping him to kill him. He tells Leo to fetch the chunkban materials, then asks Jumper for PVP training.

While Jumper lists off ways Parrot can go up against someone more powerful than him, Wifies shows up out of nowhere and reveals that he's been living on the fourth floor of the headquarters. Wifies shows his hideout to them, and Parrot comments that he'd do the same thing if he ever ran away, but to a random jungle. Wifies asks what Parrot's doing and Parrot reveals that he's been training with Jumper and Woogie. He invites Wifies to join in on the training. The four of them talk about where Derapchu's been, since they haven't seen him since the fight and hope that he isn't held hostage. When Leo comes back, they start forming a plan. Parrot will lead Clown to the chunk ban. He makes it clear that he doesn't want Wifies to go with them so he goes home while the others fly to the castle.

At the castle, Parrot and Jumper scout ahead while Leo and Woogie make the chunk bans. After confirming that Clown and Ferre are inside, they head back and help build the chunk bans. Once they finish, the POV switches to Jumper. They all head into the castle to fight Clown, but only find Ferre before discovering that Clown is inside the obsidian box in the pile of obsidian on the throne. Clown targets Parrot and chases after him into a chunk ban. Ferre is left to 3 v 1 Leo, Jumper, and Parrot. Leo leaves mid-fight for unexplained reasons and Jumper and Parrot struggle against Ferre. Eventually, Jumper and Parrot are forced to retreat and reconvene with Leo, Woogie, and Wifies, where they discover the headquarters are destroyed. They discuss their failure to kill Clown, and Parrot asks if Clown has any sort of weakness, to which Leo brings up BranzyCraft.

Leo leads the group to Branzy's mooshroom island factory, and after a bit of looking, they find him near a digging site. Parrot asks Branzy to tell Clown to stop since this hunt is starting to get out of hand and other people that have nothing to do with it are getting involved. Branzy asks what's in it for him and Parrot silently threatens him with his sword. Branzy reluctantly agrees. Parrot asks why Clown is the way he is, thinking back to when Clown said that the two of them were the same. Branzy lists out their similarities: having threatened to kill him, trying to hire him to do deadly things to trick people, and both being stronger and tougher than him. Parrot tells Branzy to forward the message to Clown: if he continues doing what he's doing, they're gonna kill him, to which Branzy laughs in his face about it. Branzy goes away, murmuring that he's gonna tell Clown what's going on right now, which prompts them to fly away.

Parrot realizes that the Clown hunters don't prioritize his safety and just wants to kill Clown. He lands on the edge of the island with the others following him. He questions whether they even have a safe place to stay on the server, which they say they don't. Parrot says that he gives up. The Clown hunters try to convince him otherwise, but Parrot is headstrong, stating that he needs a better team. Parrot flies to Wemmbu's Civilization and begs Wemmbu to protect him, explaining that he came here because Wemmbu extended the olive branch last time. They discuss how much the civilization has expanded, having six residents, including Fantst. Wemmbu asks why they should protect Parrot, and he tries to think of anything he can offer, but sees that Wemmbu is already set, so he requests Wemmbu's protection again. He asks who hired Clown, and Parrot says that it was Zam. Wemmbu questions how Parrot knows, and he says that Clown implied so. Wemmbu doesn't believe him but agrees to protect Parrot, saying that he wants to see what happens. He says that FlameFrags attacking his civilization and Clown trying to kill Parrot must be connected. They discuss the two events and plan to tell Merffinn and ManePear that Parrot is with them as a way to know for sure whether Zam can be trusted. Wemmbu asks Parrot to make some new traps that the Zam guards don't know about. Parrot proposes a flycatcher. He asks what the civilization's purpose is, to which Wemmbu says that he doesn't know.

Parrot then starts making the first three chunk bans and collects materials for more before he is interrupted by a group of players, including Jaden_MAN, Flame, Falconu, LettuceK, Spongs, and an invisible Clown. Parrot prompts Wemmbu to lead his people, who proceeds to give a war speech while Parrot periodically checks in on the enemies' status in breaking the chunk bans. They bow and TNT cannon the enemies while staying behind the walls. Their opponents start towering up above the civilization's walls to pearl in, and start fighting the civilization members. After a while, their enemies run out of resources and retreat. Wemmbu and Parrot go to the city hall to discuss how Zam is behind both the Flame and Clown attacks. Parrot leaves for Wifies's house while Wemmbu stays in his civilization to get rid of Flame.

Parrot finds Wifies fixing his lawn and asks if the Clown hunters are still mad at him, Wifies doesn't know, since he hasn't talked to them. Parrot explains what happened to the Wemmbu Civilization and says that he has a plan that he doesn't want Wifies getting involved in. Wifies protests, saying that he can't just abandon the Clown hunters, saying that they aren't good enough, then pull up again and say that he has a master plan, nore could he leave Wifies behind. Parrot is insistent asks for an invisibility potion. Wifies hesitates and asks what he's gonna use it for, but gives in after Parrot says he just wants to have one. Parrot says that there's something off, mentioning how Clown said that the two of them aren't so different. Wifies says he can't see how they're that similar, and that the only character flaw he can currently see in Parrot is that he keeps running away—or rather his insistence that he has to do everything on his own. Parrot leaves while Wifies tries to stop him, but he uses the invis potion and flies to the Clown hunters' headquarters while Wifies says that he'll talk to him sooner than he thinks.

Parrot finds the headquarters still blown up and tries to look for the Clown hunters, but only finds Woogie. Woogie questions him about his "safe spot" and Parrot replies that he got that in the Wemmbu Civilization and says that they've done more for him than the Clown Hunters have, but he still respects them. He says that he needs the Clown hunters for a new plan since the Wemmbu Civilization is preoccupied. Woogie wants Parrot to say that he needs their help Clown, and after a bit of stalling, Parrot relents. Woogie takes Parrot to an underground base where Leo and Jumper immediately attack him and tell him to leave. Parrot reveals his plan of wanting to kidnap Branzy, but Leo and Jumper hesitate, saying that they felt betrayed when Parrot abandoned them. Woogie and Parrot manage to convince them to team up again by their goal of killing Clown.

They fly to the mooshroom island and find Branzy inside the factory. Parrot makes Branzy take out his totem and pops it while the Clown hunters trap him in cobwebs and stone. Parrot threatens Branzy, saying that no matter how deadly Clown is, he'll always be his Achilles heel. Branzy asks if he can bring his cow, but is denied. They make Branzy give them anything that can help him escape, escort him back to the headquarters, and pop his totem. Woogie stays behind to guard Branzy, killing him if they don't message him in a period of time. They find Clown sitting on his throne with Ferre and try to negotiate a deal to put up a white flag in exchange for Branzy's freedom. Ferre goes to the nether and Clown tells them to just ignore him while they continue negotiating, Clown asks for a shulker of gold blocks in exchange for surrender, but they deny it and keep negotiating. Ferre comes back with an armorless Wifies, then traps him in cobwebs and obsidian, leaving to find Branzy. Parrot agrees to Branzy's. The POV switches to Woogie, who tells Branzy that he's lucky before letting him go. The POV switches to Parrot, who asks Clown if Branzy has confirmed that he's been let go, which he does. Parrot asks for Wifies to be freed, saying that Clown wouldn't kill Wifies for no reason, Clown confirms that he wouldn't without getting paid to do so and lets Wifies go. Parrot gives Wifies his elytra and rockets and hurriedly tells him to fly away before pearling away. Once they're near the sea, Wifies crashes next to Parrot and gives him his elytra back, then boats away.

Parrot flies away to a random jungle as he messages Wifies to stay safe, and Wifies promises to no longer be a liability. Parrot builds a new base that Wifies manages to find. Parrot questions how he managed to find him and Wifies mentions that Parrot said that if he ever ran away, he'd be in a jungle. Parrot is unhappy that Wifies found him, worried that he'll put him and other people in danger. Wifies says that he's already been through whatever and that he just wants to make sure Parrot's fine, to which Parrot says he's fine and tries to force Wifies to leave. Wifies hasn't left and tries to reason with Parrot that they're better as two people than just one. Parrot replies that he just wants to run away and never talk to anybody ever again, to which Wifies replies that that's an absolutely miserable existence and he may as well be banned. He tries to reason with Parrot to stop running and try to fight back and do something while Parrot keeps arguing that it would be safer for everybody without him. Wifies asks Parrot what he actually wants and Parrot says he wants to keep playing without the fear of Clown. Wifies says that Parrot should start doing what's in his best interest, Parrot says that he's still gonna need some convincing, but he's gonna keep brainstorming a plan to get rid of Clown. Parrot and Wifies dig down to discuss the two possible routes they can take: Parrot can keep on living in the jungle where Clown will never find him while Wifies goes back to live on the server, or they kill Clown, which Wifies finds a bit more desirable. He asks if Parrot has a plan, and he says to screw it and that he needs to fight Clown 1 v 1, but that he needs some kind of trick since he knows that he won't win. He tells Wifies to grab everything from his base.

Wifies comes back and immediately pots Parrot with invis and apologizes, saying that Clown's team were gonna kill him if he didn't give them Parrot's coordinates. Parrot dismisses it at first, saying that they don't care about him now that he was practically gone from the server, but hears Clown and sneaks away. Clown's team destroys his base and Parrot flies away after Wifies. They reconvene as Clown's team blows up the jungle in their search.

Parrot leads Wifies to the Wemmbu Civilization, saying that it's arguably the last safe place on the server, only to see that it's been blown up. Parrot and Wifies wander around the area while discussing what could have happened. Parrot digs into the fake vault, then leaves. When Wifies asks what it was, Parrot says that it was a lie. The POV switches to Wemmbu, showing various parts of his video ("I Created Minecraft's Greatest Civilization") in flashback form. The POV switches to Parrot, who declares that he is gonna kill Clown and destroy everything that he cares for.

Parrot goes back to the headquarters after making Wifies promise not to follow him 'cause it was gonna put the entire server in jeopardy. Parrot goes down the underground meeting room and declares his plan to 1 v 1 Clown and nuke his castle, to which the Clown hunters call him insane for, but follow him anyway. They blow up as much as they can using Leo's TNT while Clown and Ferre attack them with Parrot declaring the cycle will continue as long as Clown hunts him, threatening Branzy's life as well. Parrot proposes a 1 v 1 the next day, saying that this was going to keep on going until one of them ends it. Clown says that they aren't very different in the end. Parrot asks him what he means, but Clown doesn't elaborate.

Parrot flies to Wifies' base and finds him terraforming his lawn. Parrot tells Wifies his plan to 1 v 1 Clown and asks him to help him practice, but gives up after seeing how terrible he was. Wifies says that it wouldn't be dirty for Parrot to have a gimmick. Parrot asks Wifies to tell Leo to plant a bunch of TNT under Clown's castle, marked with two vertically stacked mycelium blocks. They go into Wifies' house and Parrot tells him that after their conversation, he was gonna kill Branzy, Wifies tries to change his mind, saying that it's pointless to do so, but Parrot argues that Clown doesn't care about his builds. Wifies keeps trying to convince Parrot that it would be wrong to kill Branzy and that even Clown wouldn't do it. Wifies realizes that he can't stop Parrot, and asks him to listen to himself. He tells Parrot that this is wrong and his past self wouldn't have approved. Parrot asks that if he did do it, would Wifies still think of him the same, Wifies replies that he'd still be on his side, but wouldn't think of him the same. Parrot reminds him to tell Leo to rig the castle and says he'll see Wifies later. Wifies tells him, "Don't die. Stay safe."

Parrot flies to the mooshroom island and observes Branzy for a bit, but Branzy spots him, which scares him. Parrot tells him to head into the factory, weapon in hand, as Branzy tells him that he's been cleaning and replacing the cow that he murdered. He asks how Parrot's day has been. He remains silent before asking if Branzy can show him around. As Branzy shows him a lily, Parrot interrupts and says that by the end of the tour, he'll have decided if he'll kill Branzy or not then tells him to continue. Branzy continues the tour, even more scared, and heavily emphasises things that could possibly lead to deescalation (ie. lily of peace, using levers to blow off steam, etc.). Parrot asks Branzy if the tour is over and Branzy shows him a torchflower and says "This is my flower of 'please don't kill me.'" Parrot tells Branzy to follow him onto one of the cranes. He asks Branzy, "If Clown were in my shoes, would he kill you?" to decide Branzy's fate. He answers that Clown would absolutely kill anyone and everyone except himself. Parrot fakes trying to kill him before clarifying that he won't, saying that they aren't the same person. He asks why Clown is the way he is. Branzy replies that he likes to think that Clown is misunderstood, that he just wants to show that he's the most powerful person on the server. Parrot tells him that he's gonna 1 v 1 Clown tomorrow, and Branzy wishes him luck. He asks if Branzy will tattle on him, and Branzy answers that for today only, he would not. He asks how weak Clown would be against 30, 000 TNT and how okay Branzy would be with Clown dying, saying that if he lost Wifies, he would be very upset, and he would imagine Branzy would be, too. Branzy answers that he would never be okay with it, but he would understand, and that he doesn't think that Clown would survive 30, 000 TNT. Parrot thanks Branzy and flies away.

Time skips to the next day as Parrot heads to Clown's ruined castle. They have some small talk before they begin the fight. As they're fighting, Parrot tells Clown about what happened with Branzy. He expresses surprise that Clown didn't bring any backup and accepted the 1 v 1 in the first place. They talk about honor and reputation, with Parrot saying that Clown got hired by the sleaziest person on the server and Clown replying that he doesn't care as long as he gets paid. Parrot asks Clown why he is the way he is. Clown replies that he has a job that he intends to finish. Parrot says that he isn't scared of Clown 'cause he doesn't care about being banned anymore, Clown says that that's a good coping mechanism. Parrot eventually finds the two mycelium and tells Clown that he disagrees about the fact that they aren't so different before taking out a lever and activating the trap. There are so many explosions that it lags the server, but Parrot manages to escape and fly to Wifies' base.

Parrot tells Wifies that Clown disappeared. Wifies asks if Parrot killed Branzy and he says no, then thanks Wifies for convincing him not to, because there would have been no going back from it. Parrot asks about the Clown hunters and Wifies says that he hasn't seen them around, but that they can go find them. They head to the headquarters, which are still destroyed. They go to the underground base which has also been destroyed, to their surprise. Just as they are about to fly away, Parrot spots a sign that says, "You're right... We aren't the same."

Parrot and Wifies head back to Parrot's base and find a framed book on two iron blocks. Wifies asks where they're headed next on their search for Clown.


Why I Destroyed the Unstable SMP

The episode starts with Wemmbu looking over the ruins of his civilization. Eggchan then joins shortly after to help him make a secret hideout under it. Wemmbu reveals to eggchan that he has an orbital cannon millions of blocks away, but he used it to show off to SpokeIsHere during the guard interview and would need to reset it. After a bit of disbelief over how many enemies they have, Egg agrees and they travel to it through the nether. Wemmbu discovers that his orbital cannon has been destroyed. With no resources to build another one, Wemmbu and Egg set out to make money. They fly to spawn, where they find a giant PrinceZam statue, and build a message board advertising their griefing services with signs saying, "Do YOU need a build griefed?? Yes, you do.," "Meet at x: 50k z: 50k," and "I WILL BLOW UP WHATEVER YOU NEED." They hide in a hole while waiting for customers. At nightfall, they hear Roshambogames. After revealing themselves, Ro says he wants Spoke's end base griefed and will pay them well. Before going, Wemmbu asks if he can give them stuff because they're broke. Ro gives them supplies as part of their payment.

Egg and Wemmbu fly to Spoke's base, which is filled with people. They decide between making missiles or just going in and blowing everything up by hand—Egg decides that they splash invis, go in, and TNT everything by hand. They manage to fill almost the entire first floor with TNT and blow it up before running away and restocking. Wemmbu distracts Mapicc and Spoke by summoning ten withers (two failed to deploy and three were incomplete) while Egg drops more TNT in the center. Spoke and Mapicc eventually find Wemmbu and immediately identify him despite being invisible because the four of them are the only ones online and fight him while he spams TNT and withers. While in pursuit, Wemmbu and Mapicc note the water's strange behavior. Once they blow up the second floor, Egg and Wemmbu escape. They go back to spawn and are paid a stack of netherite ingots each by Ro, who has been making a civilization of his own. Wemmbu reveals he's been making his own civilization and asks Ro how much PVPers cost. Ro says he pays a shulker of netherite each, since it takes a lot to risk their only life.

Wemmbu and Egg fly back to their business hole, but Wemmbu spots an obsidian pillar at exactly 50,000, 50,000 with a sign at the top that says "X: 19241 Z: 9930." They talk to the client invisibly and use signs to protect their identities. They pass by a crater in a spruce forest and end up in the now ruined headquarters of the Clown hunters (Leow0ok, JumperWho, Derapchu, and Woogiex) where they meet Woogie. Wemmbu asks what happened to the base and Woogie reveals that ClownPierce destroyed it in the five minutes they were away. Wemmbu asks if Woogie wants anything blown up, and Woogie keeps expositioning, but points out FerreMC. Wemmbu says Ferre is scary and it will cost a lot to blow his base up. Woogie says he'll pay a shulker of netherite blocks, which Wemmbu gladly accepts. They talk about locations, and Woogie mentions Ferre's tower, which he said he could show them, but Wemmbu asks for coordinates instead since he didn't want him to die before they got paid. Wemmbu asks Woogie what his goals were right as their invisibility runs out, prompting him and Egg to go underground and repot while he isn't looking. They finish the deal and Wemmbu asks for the coordinates in a DM. Wemmbu asks Egg for some rockets, and Woogie says they really need the job if they need to share rockets. Wemmbu punches him repeatedly, and they fly away and reconvene. Egg and Wemmbu plan what they need to do for the job, and Egg asks who Ferre is. Wemmbu explains that Ferre is Clown's coach, and Egg is shocked that Minecraft coaches are an actual thing that exists.

They pot invis, fly to Ferre's tower, and enter through the top window into his bedroom and sneak around the lower floors while avoiding Ferre before heading back to the bedroom to report. They sneak back downstairs to see what's on the ground floor, where Wemmbu sees Ferre go inside a secret room. Wemmbu is hesitant in going in despite his curiosity, because he doesn't want to make noise, but he sees Egg's particles waiting by the door and decides to join. They are caught off guard while waiting, but Wemmbu hears footsteps right as Egg repots, but luckily, nothing came of it. Eventually, Ferre comes out and flies away. Wemmbu and Egg go inside and unmute, rushing down the hallway and barely missing two traps before figuring out it's caused by sculk and sneaking the rest of the way to a room filled with basic items and refill shulkers. As finish stealing the shulkers and escape, Ferre catches and starts attacking them. They both escape, but Ferre targets Wemmbu. Wemmbu lies to Ferre, saying that ClownPierce sent him to see if he was up to par and that he didn't steal anything. Ferre doesn't believe him and just keeps chasing him. Wemmbu eventually to loses Ferre and hides underground. He whispers to Egg that he'll AFK for a bit to ensure that Ferre goes away and tells him to meet at the civilization ruins. Ferre manages to find Wemmbu's hiding place while Wemmbu stays hidden in the walls. After a bit of searching by sight, Ferre starts using TNT to excavate the area. Wemmbu starts using the explosion noises to mask his mining and block placement as he tunnels downward. Eventually, Ferre says, "There's no point," and after a bit of waiting and hearing no noise, Wemmbu mines up and flies back to his civilization's underground base.

Wemmbu and Egg discuss how to blow up Ferre's tower, but concludes that using world eaters or going underground won't work. Egg says that they just have to go in and blow things up, but Wemmbu denies that, saying they should come up with something smarter. He asks to see the resources they stole to check if they have enough to build an orbital cannon, which they have except for a few activator rails, which would be easy to craft. Wemmbu says that despite having practically everything, it would still take them a whole day, which is time they don't have, especially since Ferre knows they are there. Wemmbu proposes building missile planes that would be faster but riskier, which Egg approves of. He asks for an explanation on what a missile plane is because he has no idea what technobabble that Wemmbu uses is, saying that he came to the server to build a colony and has had to adapt to the various conflicts like an insect that digs underground every time it sees predators.

The two of them then fly back to Ferre's tower, and after a bit of surveying, they start building the missile planes somewhat far away (possibly outside his render distance) while Ferre is patrolling the perimeter of his tower. Two of the six missiles pick up blocks they weren't meant to, and Wemmbu fixes them as they fly. Once Ferre notices the missiles, Wemmbu messages Egg to come in as bait while Wemmbu spams TNT, but Ferre targets Wemmbu instead and pops one of his totems. They regroup on the roof and decide to do what they did in Spoke's end base. Wemmbu asks Egg for more rockets, but Ferre interrupts them, so Wemmbu dives underwater when he runs out. Wemmbu once again asks Egg for rockets and tells him to drop them in front of the tower. He tells Egg to distract Ferre, but it takes him a long while to do so since he can't see Wemmbu and Ferre fighting in the river. He eventually surfaces, and Egg drops Wemmbu sixteen rockets. Ferre pops another of Wemmbu's totems as he flies away, telling Egg to finish the job without him. Wemmbu asks Ferre if he's going to turn around and prevent his tower from getting griefed, but Ferre says that he is abandoning the base and that it was between the two of them now. Wemmbu uses pearl misdirects when his rockets run out and hides underground when he loses Ferre and tells Egg to leave. Egg asks for Wemmbu's coordinates and they regroup. Wemmbu asks for more rockets, and Egg gives him ten rockets.

Wemmbu and Egg fly back to Leo's headquarters to talk to Woogie, who reveals he did, in fact, see when Wemmbu and Egg's invis ran out. Woogie also reveals that he doesn't actually have a shulker of netherite blocks and that he can't get more resources from Leo because he disappeared. Wemmbu asks who else Woogie was working with, and he tells Wemmbu that Willsion disappeared before the self-sealing base, then Derapchu disappeared shortly after, and that it was just him, Leo, and Jumper until Leo disappeared, as well as Clown. Woogie gives Wemmbu a shulker of netherite ingots, then threatens to report Wemmbu to Zam if he didn't destroy Ferre's base. Wemmbu retorts that they did, so there's no need to do it. Woogie questions how the water is flowing mid-air as though it were on the ground. Wemmbu asks Woogie if he has any more jobs because they could use the money, but Woogie says he already gave Wemmbu most of what he has, but mentions the Treasure Hunters, who rival Leo in wealth, their source of money a mystery. Wemmbu says the information makes up for Woogie not paying in full and asks Egg if they should chop off his toes. Egg says it isn't necessary, so they bid each other good luck.

Wemmbu and Egg fly away to find the Treasure Hunters, saying that the price of undying loyalty is a shulker of netherite blocks and that the only thing that can be trusted is money. They head to spawn as a start and find that it's changed a lot. They see Peentar and ManePear, who take them to Zam, who says that life is full of gifts and surprises. They take him to one of the new houses at spawn as Wemmbu took off his boots. Zam greets him with a "My sweet, sweet Wemmbu," while Wemmbu steals a brown shulker, which Zam forces him to return by attacking him. Mane asks where his boots are, and Wemmbu lies, saying FlameFrags broke them. Wemmbu asks if Zam is here to yap at him, and Zam confirms, saying it's his favorite thing to do while punching Wemmbu, which Wemmbu comments feels like abuse. Wemmbu's totem eventually pops, and Zam stops, saying that things haven't been going well for Wemmbu and that he's like a bug he can crush under his finger, that he's just a little Wemmbu guy. Zam gives Wemmbu a tour around the latest Zam Empire expansion, which is filled with houses that come with security he plans on renting off in exchange for gear. Zam hits Wemmbu with flaming arrows, and Wemmbu gives him a harming arrow. Zam comments on his ability to keep calm, which he thinks is interesting, and Wemmbu replies that he knows if Zam wanted him dead, he would be by now. Zam retorts he could change his mind at the drop of a hat, and Wemmbu calls him a mad and insane PrinceZam. Wemmbu asks why Mane is just sitting in the corner naked, and Zam tells him to stop it because they're making him look less threatening. Mane asks why they can't have fun, but apologizes when Zam orders Peentar to pull down Mane's pants. Zam tells Mane to escort Wemmbu out and that he's not allowed at spawn. Wemmbu retorts that he can't just ban people from spawn, but Zam says that he can and he will.

As Mane escorts Wemmbu and Egg all the way out into the forest, he asks Wemmbu if he needs help, saying that he doesn't like being under Zam because of how strict he is. After Wemmbu checks the vicinity for Zam, Mane asks if there was a trust exercise he could do. Wemmbu throws away an instant damage arrow and a white tulip, which Mane picks up, but Wemmbu denies that it's for him. Mane says he sees how it is. Wemmbu asks Egg if Mane can do anything to prove himself, but comes to the conclusion that they just have to trust him since they aren't in a position not to. Wemmbu reveals he was lying about being broke and says that his trust test would be to not tell Zam. Wemmbu asks Mane about the Treasure Hunters, and he explains that they used to go to the Zam Empire to steal materials until it eventually sizzled down, and that he knows where their headquarters are. Mane gives him the coordinates, and Wemmbu asks Egg if they should trust him. Egg says no because he feels like every time Zam does something to them, it's in the most elaborate, complex, unnecessary way possible in order to humiliate Wemmbu. This feels like one of those schemes and that he associates anything elaborate with Zam, because why don't they do it efficiently? Wemmbu says that it's the only lead they have ,and if Zam is keeping people out of spawn, that means nobody would see their ad. Egg asks Wemmbu about ParrotX2, but Wemmbu says that they haven't talked to each other in a while. Egg proposes that they should grief more bases and claim that he and Wemmbu did it. Wemmbu retorts that that would be a bad idea and that Zam would kill them. Their only saving grace is that Zam thought they are poor. Egg proposes double agenting, but Wemmbu retorts that Zam would just take him hostage. They end up deciding to just go to the coordinates and that if it is a trap, they would avoid it.

Wemmbu and Egg fly to the coordinates and find an office building with Kierrrr and Its_Dev_ inside. Kier is missing his helmet while Dev is missing his boots. Wemmbu asks them about it, and they reply that it's a fashion statement. Wemmbu and Egg talk outside while Kier and Dev stay inside to discuss with each other too. Egg calls them simple-minded and they head back inside. Kier and Dev ask what they want, and Wemmbu asks if they're the Treasure Hunters, but they have no idea what they are. Kier and Dev ask again, since they didn't answer their question, and Wemmbu replies they are looking for the Treasure Hunters so they can be hired to grief people, to which they answer that they can point them to some people who would do that. Wemmbu asks that if they aren't the Treasure Hunters, then who are they? Kier and Dev ask if they can trust them before discussing with each other. Dev asks them to follow him, where they lead them to one of the Treasure Hunters. Egg whispers that he doesn't want to work with Kier and Dev, even if they are telling the truth, but Wemmbu whispers that they can take them if they need to.

Egg and Wemmbu follow Kier and Dev to a meeting room on the top floor where Boosfer, Kier, and Dev are sitting at a table. Dev asks what they want, and Wemmbu explains that they are looking for the Treasure Hunters so they could be hired to grief things because they needed money for "personal things," and that they may have been misled to believe that Kier, Boosfer, and Dev are the Treasure Hunters. Boosfer asks what Wemmbu and Egg would want from them if they were hypothetically the Treasure Hunters. Wemmbu replies that they would blow stuff up for payment. Boosfer replies that they love explosions and asks that if, hypothetically, they had the resources, how much would the payment be? Wemmbu replies that it depends on the job. Boosfer tosses a stack of netherite ingots to them and asks how much it would buy. Wemmbu replies, "A moderately-sized building." Boosfer then tosses a stack of netherite blocks to them, and Wemmbu comments on how Boosfer is just tossing them around. Boosfer says they can give them more if needed and asks how big the explosion would be, then tosses them another stack of netherite ingots. Wemmbu replies that it depends on the job, and that they could definitely make things work. Wemmbu asks what they need them to do, and Boosfer just replies, "Big explosion," which leaves Wemmbu confused. Dev whispers to Boosfer that they can explode "the valley," and Boosfer tells Wemmbu that they want to explode a valley the size of a biome on July 1st, 1:00 PM. Wemmbu asks why the date is so specific, and Boosfer fumbles for a bit before saying that it's for Kier's birthday. Boosfer asks if they have a deal, and tosses them a stack of diamond blocks. Dev and Boosfer say that they are sure they have a deal. Wemmbu asks if they were actually the Treasure Hunters, and Boosfer says that what he's about to say is confidential, and if it leaves the room, they are dead. He reveals that he built the office just for show and that his helpers were also for show. They stole treasure for fun, but if things got stolen and they didn't have a base, it would be suspicious, so they needed a front. Boosfer says he was surprised that they found their base and that they needed to take care of the leaks. Egg says it was Mane, then pretends that he thought they were in Mane's base when Wemmbu whispers to him, "YO." They run through the job one more time, and Egg asks to be escorted out, which Wembbu questions why. Kier and Dev lead them to the window and punch them out.

Wemmbu and Egg fly away and Wemmbu comments on how suspicious the whole affair was, especially with how Kier and Dev suddenly locked in. He asks how much they got from Boosfer, which is two stacks of diamond blocks, a stack of netherite blocks, and two stacks of netherite ingots. Wemmbu scolds Egg for almost leaking Mane, but Egg retorts, saying it would be a whole Zam guard gone. Wemmbu realizes that he's right. Egg says their birthday excuse was nonsense, which Wemmbu agrees. Egg says that them wanting a whole biome gone is suspicious and that there's something going on. Wemmbu agrees but says they should just get the job done. They head to the coordinates to scout the biome out and find a giant tree with Egg joking that they found Yggdrasil and destroying it might crash the server. They scout the tree while invisible to see how big it actually is. Egg whispers that they don't have the firepower to bomb the whole thing, but Wemmbu whispers that there has to be something here. Egg whispers that he can check the tree, but Wemmbu replies that it's not a good idea with Boosfer specifying the valley and not the tree. Egg replies it's because that's what he's hiding, which Wemmbu agrees. Egg whispers that he found an elder guardian and that it's wide enough to have stuff inside. Wemmbu whispers to back away from it and that there might be people inside. He asks why he would destroy the valley and not the tree itself before repotting. Egg retorts that they didn't check the Wemmbu Civilization vault until it was too late and that they didn't want to make the same mistake twice. Wemmbu says not to do it because Boosfer won't pay them. Egg relents, but tells him not to blame him when it turns out to be a fatal mistake. He continues checking the tree and reports what he sees to Wemmbu. Neither see anyone and conclude it's safe to elytra. Wemmbu digs down and tells Egg there's nothing under the tree. They meet back up and discuss how they're going to blow everything up. Wemmbu proposes a bomber plane that can rain TNT down from one end to the other. Egg comments that everything they do is so morally questionable that he doesn't feel good being on the server anymore. Wemmbu replies that they have to make the money. They discuss how sketchy the tree is, and fly back to their underground base.

Wemmbu checks if they have enough resources for bomber planes, which they do, and puts them in his ender chest. Egg says his girlfriend is coming over and that Wemmbu might be on his own. He says that he doesn't think he's cut out to be a fighter, and just a little man in a cruel world, then logs out. Wemmbu laughs and says, "Okay, I guess I'm doing this on my own," before leaving the meeting room to stare at the ruins of his civilization. He does an inventory check and leaves to make bomber planes in the valley. After he finishes them, he murmurs to himself how he needs to monologue on his video instead of having Egg do it. He gives some explanations while activating the planes. He needs to manually blow up the ravine because the planes can't reach down there. He had to build three planes because the path is stupid and it winds. He flies around, showing off the plane and carpet-bombing the valley, which is barely making a dent in the ground, so he resolves to doing it manually. He commentates that the best way to blow something up is to do it yourself and with the wither skulls from ParrotX2's old base. Wemmbu spawns three withers, one of which fails to deploy, and sees that the bomber planes are working properly. He spawns five more withers and flies up to see a watermelon pillar with a bridge near the tree that wasn't there before. He finds out two of the planes broke for some reason, while the third plane is moving too fast, then concludes that it's because he unloaded the chunks that broke the planes.

He flies to the bridge and finds Parrot and Wifies there with Wifies greeting him and Parrot panickedly telling him to get out. He asks if Wemmbu built the planes. Wemmbu confirms that. Parrot incredulously asks why, and Wemmbu replies that he was paid to blow up the valley. Wifies asks, confused, why. Wemmbu replies that he doesn't know. Wifies asks by who, and Wemmbu hesitates, saying he doesn't know if he's allowed to tell them, but Parrot interrupts, guessing it was Boosfer, Kier, and Dev. Wemmbu says he can't confirm nor deny it for fear of legal repercussions. He spleefs Parrot and cuts down a bit of the melon bridge just as a wither breaks the last plane before Parrot calls him over. They mess up the planes further, but Wemmbu isn't really that mad about it because it is already broken. Wemmbu asks what they're doing, and Parrot asks what it looks like they're doing. Wemmbu replies that he doesn't know because Parrot is always doing the oddest things. Parrot says that Wemmbu is blowing up rekrap2's base, which Parrot and Wifies were trying to protect. Wemmbu just replies that they paid him to blow it up, so… Parrot sighs and asks if he was just going to blow it up. Wemmbu replies, "Yeah," then flies away as Parrot calls for him. Wemmbu spawns three more withers before Parrot whispers to Wemmbu to come back for an offer. He asks if he's just doing it to get paid, and Wemmbu replies, "Yes." Parrot asks why, and Wemmbu tells him he needs money. Parrot asks Wemmbu if he can make an exception for Rekrap's base. Wemmbu retorts, asking when the last time they saw Rekrap was, and Parrot replies that Rekrap's gone and that they're searching for him. Wemmbu replies that he won't care about his base and that it's a win-win. Parrot explains a bunch of players disappeared, but that Wemmbu wouldn't care about them and that they're on a scavenger hunt again. He asks Wemmbu if he knows what the Treasure Hunters' actual jobs are, and when Wemmbu says not really, he explains that what they actually do is steal people's most prized possessions and sell them, to which Wemmbu replies that it makes sense. Parrot explains that they were doing a quest and that the Treasure Hunters pulled up, threatening them that if they didn't give them what they wanted, they would blow Rekrap's base up, which Wemmbu is doing. Parrot tries to reason with Wemmbu to not go against the people who have the server's best interests in mind, and instead go against the people who have way more riches than what they have given. Wemmbu retorts that he doesn't really care about the server and that he's not intentionally targeting Parrot, and that he was just in Wemmbu's way. Parrot asks what happened to Wemmbu's empire, and Wemmbu explains that Zam blew it up. Parrot asks if he was going to stoop to Zam's level, if he was just going to blow up an innocent player's base for his own benefit. Wemmbu asks what else he can do. Parrot says he can not do it, and Wemmbu replies, baffled, "What else am I going to do, not get revenge and just get bullied by Zam forever?" He starts fidgeting with the items around him and asks Parrot what their plans are, to just steal from the Treasure Hunters? Parrot asks Wemmbu if he really was planning to beat Zam with Zam's game or with his own. He welcomes Wemmbu to the team after a moment of silence, which Wifies and Wemmbu both comment is bold of him to do. Wemmbu asks Parrot if they have the Treasure Hunters' location and what their plan is supposed to be, considering Parrot is naked and Wifies is in leather armour. Wemmbu compromises, saying he'll blow up the parts they don't care about and still claim the payment. Then he can help them find the Treasure Hunters' vault. He asks them why they aren't wearing netherite, and Parrot explains that it's part of the rules of the quest. Wemmbu asks what parts he can blow up, and Parrot replies that he can only blow up the top of the tree, but Wemmbu explains that it's already been blown up. He asks if there's a way to make it seem like he blew up the whole area without actually doing so, and Parrot replies he can do so by not blowing up the underground base, to which Wemmbu happily takes his TNT shulker and heads to the ground to blow it up.

Wemmbu asks them if they can help place TNT, and they agree. He asks Parrot who's watching them, and they can't provide an answer, but Wifies says they'd rather not take any chances. Wemmbu asks Wifies how he's doing, and Wifies replies he's better than the times he's been kidnapped and mentions that it's happened quite a few times. Wemmbu says he won't not not not not not not not kidnap Wifies. He replies that he likes the sound of that. Wemmbu assumes that the Treasure Hunters didn't know the base was there and that they were following them to find it, but Parrot mentions that they were jumped in the actual base. Parrot asks Wemmbu why he's doing this, and Wemmbu replies he's doing it for money and that he's good at it, and has to make ends meet. He mentions that Boosfer was being vague and he didn't trust him either. Wemmbu asks if it is okay if the top portion is blown up since he didn't want to stoop to Zam's level. Parrot replies that the best-case scenario was that it wasn't, but that it was okay in order to convince the Treasure Hunters. Wemmbu flies up and surveys the area, concluding that it's pretty destroyed. The three of them head to the underground base and start planning. Parrot and Wifies conclude that while on a quest, they shouldn't wear armour, but between quests should be fine. Wemmbu tells the other two to tell him when they've completed their quest so that they can rob the Treasure Hunters. Parrot and Wifies go to complete their current quest while Wemmbu collects his payment.

Wemmbu goes to Kier and Dev, who escort him to Boosfer. Kier and Dev confirm to Boosfer that Wemmbu did a good job blowing up Rekrap's base, and Boosfer gives Wemmbu a black shulker filled with netherite blocks as payment. Boosfer asks if Wemmbu wants more jobs, but Wemmbu asks what was it that he blew up, and that Parrot and Wifies were upset. Boosfer asks if he was up to the task. Wemmbu confirms that he is, just that he wants more information. Boosfer asks if he and Parrot are friends, and Wemmbu replies that they kinda are. He asks if Wemmbu is still fit to do the job, or if they should pass it on to the next candidate. Wemmbu says that he'll think about it, and Boosfer agrees to give him a couple of days, but Dev makes him reduce it to just one day. Boosfer has him leave because he's tired of looking at his face, and Kier and Dev escort Wemmbu out.

Wemmbu heads back to the Wemmbu Civilization ruins and paces around the inner obsidian wall. Parrot and Wifies arrive, and Parrot asks if there was a reason Wemmbu wanted to meet them there. Wemmbu replies that he's been thinking. Parrot and Wifies reply that they've been thinking too. Wemmbu leads them into the underground base and explains that it's his and Egg's hidey hole, but that Egg's been busy. He asks if they finished their quest, and they reply that they need him for something. He says that he needs them for something too, both of which is to blow up the Treasure Hunters' headquarters. Wemmbu explains his first meeting with Boosfer and Boosfer's monologue about being in plain sight. He says that there might be a base in their headquarters, but that he'd still want to blow up the headquarters regardless because they threatened his life. Parrot says that they don't care about the Treasure Hunters' items and that they just don't want them to interfere in their quest. Wemmbu says that he has the materials that he's sure they were familiar with. Parrot guesses that it's an orbital strike cannon, to which Wemmbu asks if they'll be down to help him build it. Parrot agrees, but asks if it'll only be used on the Treasure Hunters. Wemmbu says it'll also be used on Zam, but they didn't care about that. He relays the lesson he's learned throughout his career in griefing: that it's best to manually blow things up, not use complicated redstone machines. Parrot concludes that there's no need to build a cannon and makes Wemmbu promise to use it only for one shot on Boosfer and one shot on Zam for them to agree to help him since any more than that would cause a domino effect of destruction. Wemmbu says that he's built orbital cannons alone before, but agrees. They fly to a remote location to build the cannon.

Wemmbu asks if they want to help him wage war against Zam, and Parrot denies, saying that they just want to find the missing players. Wemmbu then mentions that Zam is a menace to the server as motivation for Parrot, and that they're basically fighting a war together by going against Boosfer. Parrot relents, saying that if it were Wemmbu five weeks ago, he would've denied, but this time, he accepts. They head to the Treasure Hunters' base, where they pass by a lone tree dubbed "Waypoint Tree." Parrot misses all of the pots, and Wembbu says it's okay because he wasn't gonna use them anyway. They head in and strike it just as it renders in. As the cannon blows the building up, Wemmbu goes in and withers the first floor, where Dev finds him and exclaims that he can't believe he betrayed them, to which Wemmbu replies that he didn't betray them. He was never on their side in the first place. Once six withers are spawned, Wemmbu goes to the top floor to spawn more, only to see that it's already been blown up by the orbital cannon. Wemmbu spams TNT, but the Treasure Hunters interrupt him. They start a 3 v 3 while Parrot and Wifies try to spam TNT. Dev's helmet and boots pop, and he goes to the vault before escaping, which leads Wemmbu to them. Kier follows inside and attempts to prevent Wemmbu from getting anything, but his helmet and boots break, forcing him to retreat and let Wemmbu take everything. He tells Parrot and Wifies to come into the vault and e-chest everything they can before escaping.

Parrot asks for an e-chest and tries to give it to Wemmbu, but Wemmbu tells him to keep it because his e-chest is full and he can get it from him later. Parrot tries to bury it in a normal chest, but Wemmbu tells him that that's a bad idea and reiterates that he'll get it from Parrot later. Parrot finally relents and e-chests the diamonds while exclaiming that the Treasure Hunters are hoarders. Parrot and Wifies continue to hunt for Clown and Wemmbu prepares for his war against Zam.

Wemmbu goes back to the civilization ruins to stand on the inner wall and observe the sunrise, saying that everything is ready. Egg logs on and Wemmbu greets him. Egg says that his girlfriend is finally gone, and Wemmbu celebrates, but his mic cuts off. Egg says that she gave him the strength to come back and be a mole. Wemmbu asks what he's talking about, and Egg says that he's low on the food chain. He proceeds to tell Egg that they're rich now and leads him to the Zam statue at spawn to blow it up as a declaration of war. Wemmbu asks Egg if they should blow up the village as well, but Egg says that they have to leave the people alone.

Wemmbu places a sign that says "- wemmbu" at the foot of the blown-up statue to alert them that they have declared war on the PrinceZam Empire.


I Bankrupted Minecraft's Richest Civilization

The episode begins with a voiceover from SpokeIsHere, saying that after he and Mapicc destroyed Roshambogames's stash of duped items, they have somehow come back, richer than ever. They need to find out if these items were legit, or if they had discovered a new glitch. Spoke caught wind of Roshambo making stockpiles of these items, so they head to one.

The first location is a hole in the side of a mountain with chests lining one wall, but they are empty. They check everywhere, but are interrupted by PlanetLord, which forces them to hide. Spoke and Mapicc emerge from the wall and catch Planet standing one shulker boxes of duped items, including totems, redstone, gunpowder, and emeralds. They grab the shulkers and chase after Planet. However, the server lags and Planet escapes.

Spoke and Mapicc head back to their end base to make a plan. They decide to check the raid farm to see if the items in the shulkers are legit, and if it’s been lagging the server. It seems like Roshambo and his henchmen are using the farm. To prevent them from using the farm without breaking it, Spoke and Mapicc make a secret stash underground to contain all of the loot. They check to see if their storage system is working, but spot a group of invisible players arriving at the farm. They start blowing the farm up, so Spoke and Mapicc start fighting them. Mapicc sees that they’re all attacking Spoke, and he realises that this isn’t Roshambo.

They head to land and Spoke is just about to drop when an isolated player that hasn’t interacted with anyone on this server named ashwagg shows up and shoos the attackers away. Ash says that he was just passing by when he saw the players chasing them and that he’ll see them around.

Spoke and Mapicc head back to Spoke’s base at spawn. Spoke says that they need to check all of the farms to rig the ones that are lagging the server. However, they need a player who knows all of the farms on this server. The only choice is TheRealSquiddo, who’s base they destroyed before. They head there and find Squiddo with her hamster, Garlic Hamster. Mapicc distracts Squiddo while Spoke finds a book with all of the coords of the all of the farms on this server. They are chatting with Squiddo when Ash appears. He wants to join them in their quest, but they refuse. He is persistent, though, and tells them to find him if they need anything.

Spoke gives Mapicc the coord book and he leads them to a dysfunctional iron farm. They place soul soil under the sources of water to disrupt it, even though it’s already broken. They head to the next farm, but only find a railgun on a nearby hill. They search around the island, eventually finding a skyblock island. They check it out and discover that the cobblestone generator is built wrong, so they fix it.

The third set of coordinates are at spawn, but the only thing at the location is a house made of TNT. They discover that the letter next to each coordinate is the dimension it’s in, so they head to the end instead and find an enderman farm. However, they find a PrinceZam guard named ManePear farming XP. They splash invis and spleef a block under him. Mapicc distracts him while Spoke messes up the farm. They both engage with Mane, pushing him back through into the overworld. That buys them time, and they rig the farm before Mane comes back and starts attacking again. They escape into the overworld and regroup at Spoke’s base.

They find Squiddo at their front door and politely tell her to leave. They turn around to find Ash in their house, and Spoke updates him on their progress. He still wants to help them, so they take him in and give him some coordinates to farms. They tell him to not destroy or blow up anything. He requests a copy of the coord book, but they refuse. After Ash leaves, they find that Squiddo has built a heart-shaped doorway at the pathway in front of their base. Mapicc says that Ash has a weird obsession with the coord book, wanting something from Spoke, and that he doesn’t care about him at all, but Spoke says that he’s just trying to be helpful.

They head to the fourth set of coordinates, and, after digging underground for a while, they find a sugarcane farm that doesn’t even work.

The fifth coordinates, however, are at the Zam Empire. They head to a random house in the empire and sneak into the basement. To their disappointment, they find a simple rail duper in the enemy territory. Mapicc tests it and finds that it doesn’t even work. They just block the room off and leave.

Spoke and Mapicc head to the sixth set of coordinates and see a giant prismarine box containing a guardian farm. Those aren’t where the coordinates lead, though. Instead, they lead to Jepexx's trading hall, whom they have a bad history of bombing his base. They find him lingering around his emerald beacons. Spoke and Mapicc sneak to the covered up entrance of the trading hall. Jepexx notices them, obviously, so they break into the trading hall and block it back up, making it look like they disappeared into the mountain.

While in there, they splash all of his villagers with invis to make it look like they were gone. It doesn’t take long for Jepexx to come in. Spoke tells him that his villagers are gone, but Jepexx clearly doesn’t believe it. He goes to the back of his trading hall, where a bunch of nitwits that Mapicc also splashed with invis reside. Jepexx seems to have forgiven them, and tells them that these nitwits are for venting his anger upon. He also shows them the guardian farm they saw earlier and says that it’s a project he’s been working on. Spoke doesn’t believe him, though.

Jepex tells them of an ultimate farm that would fry their brains. Spoke and Mapicc tell him to lead them to it, and they find a bamboo farm and a pen with four pandas. Jepexx is giving them a tour of the place when two invis players jump them, targeting Jepex. They kill all of the pandas. Spoke yells, “Ash, call it off,” and a white firework bursts. The players leave, and they apologise to Jepexx before. After he leaves, Spoke theorises that Ash is following them.

They head back to Spoke’s base and find Ash waiting for them there. Spoke explains to him what happened and asks him if he knew anything about that. He says that those were players he hired to help them, and that he was sorry that they attacked them. Mapicc realises that Ash is completely ignoring him. Mapicc become pissed, but Spoke chooses to believe Ash and gives him the next coordinates.

Spoke and Mapicc head to the seventh set of coordinates and dig underground. They find a giant melon farm that was definitely causing lag on the server, so they destroy it and blow it up.

The eighth coordinates, however, are much more interesting. They find broken fish farm with Mane spamming the fishing rod, AFKing the farm. They realise that he isn’t even using the farm correctly, so they break it. While there, they decide to troll him and take him to an ocean monument. They box him in a 1 x 1 obsidian box with mining fatigue and chorus fruit proof any surface he can teleport to. Once they finish the trap, they wait, and he logs back on. Mane is confused as to where he is and starts yapping about some guy named Cedric. They just leave him there and head to the next farm, not having to deal with him for a few hours.

The next farm is an upgraded iron farm that actually works. Spoke places a block of dirt over the ladder to the chest room so Roshambo won’t find the collection chamber. They also tamper with the gates leading to the kill chamber so that the golems can’t enter it.

The ninth farm, however, isn’t really a farm. It’s just a giant crater in the ground that looks like someone blew the farm up. Mapicc theorises that it was Ash who did it, but Spoke won’t believe it until he has confirmation. To somewhat patch it up, they leave a sign saying “so sorry! - The Meteor,” surrounded by a bunch of stone hearts.

They head to the other farm that Ash had been to, which was a cow farm, since there is steak everyone and a few living cows. It’s also been blown up, but this time, there was netherrack with fire lit on it. They also create dirt hearts and a sign that says “so sorry! - the rogue cow.” To save it, they put all of the items used to build the farm in a chest.

Spoke and Mapicc head to the tenth location, which is a sheep farm built by Squiddo. Mapicc kills the sheep she was leading over, but she doesn’t seem too pissed. They also find a large flock of sheep in a hole in a nearby mountain, which Squiddo claims she didn’t lead over. Spoke thinks it’s Ash, because the sheep weren’t there when they first arrived. There’s also a nether portal with nothing on the other side. Mapicc kills most of the sheep and says that this is just Ash trying to manipulate Spoke into thinking he’s good. Spoke doesn’t believe him, and after a brief chat with Squiddo, they leave.

The eleventh farm is the actual guardian farm by Jepexx’s trading hall. They see a player AFKing the farm and discover it’s JumperWho. They want to troll her again, and they move her and her pretty little AFK chamber to the nether roof. Spoke clogs the item droppers while Mapicc transports Jumper. They splash invis and wait for Jumper to come back online. She quickly finds out who they are, but quickly lags out. They quickly trap her in an obsidian box, but she comes back online. They try to convince her that they weren’t the ones who moved her onto the roof, but she doesn’t believe them. They head back to the overworld, and Jumper goes AFK in a cave again, giving them time to spawn a few withers into the farm.

They head to the twelfth farm, which is a cobweb farm, which had lagged out. They can’t figure out how the farm worked, or even how to use it, so they just changed the direction of a couple of hoppers.

The thirteenth farm is in the nether. When they don’t find it at the coords, they go to the nether roof and discover a magma cube farm. Mapicc steals some magma cream from the chests before they mess up the rails at the bottom.

At the next farm, they find a player AFK: Jumper again. This time, she’s sitting in front of her PC and watching a MinuteTech video on her phone. They sneak up on her and rig the farm, but she notices and starts attacking them. Spoke breaks the center of the farm while Mapicc exchanges hits with Jumper and knocks her off of the platform. After a while, she gets mad and threatens to call her team, Leow0ok, Derapchu, ParrotX2, and Wifies. Not having the best history with Parrot, Spoke and Mapicc leave.

They find a hoglin farm at the next set of coordinates. They replace the warped fungus with crimson fungus, which causes excessive spawning of hoglins, breaking the farm.

The fifteenth farm is much more complicated to ruin. They go inside the farm to the AFK chamber and find Mane, who somehow broke out of the guardian prison. He isn’t too happy to see them and starts attacking. They realise that they can’t beat him in PVP, so Mapicc spends an eternity distracting him while Spoke spends an eternity googling tutorials and crashing out on how to build a bedrock breaker. He eventually finds out that he was using sticky pistons instead of regular pistons, but that still doesn’t work. In the end, Mapicc builds that bedrock breaker while Spoke tries his best to stay alive. They lose Mane in the nether and meet back up underground.

Spoke and Mapicc head back to their base to regear after they’re drained of resources. They head to the next farm, a bee farm where Squiddo is waiting. They open the collection chest for the farm and find sets of gear labeled “-A.” Spoke reasons that he was there when they were regearing. Mapicc refuses to take the armour because he says it’s blood armour. Spoke takes one set, feeling bad for Ash. In the end though, they give all of the armour to Squiddo.

They head to the seventeenth and eighteenth farms, which they find nothing of interest in.

The nineteenth farm is a creeper farm, and they are about to rig it when two invis players show up and start blowing the farm up. Mapicc and Spoke immediately recognises this as Ash and pops one of the player’s totem, revealing them to the USmellLikeUpdog. He immediately starts begging for them to spare him, and that this was his first mission. Spoke is confused and asks him who sent him on this mission. He tells him that Ash is the leader, but is suddenly teleported to the void and dies, banning him off of the server.

After that, Mapicc is enraged, and tells Spoke that Ash is the one behind all of this. Spoke doesn’t listen to him, though, and still believes in Ash. Mapicc has had enough, and after throwing Spoke the coord book, saying that he could complete this stupid quest on his own and flies off into the distance. Spoke tries following him to reason, but quickly runs out of fireworks. He tells Ash to meet him at the next farm.

The next farm is a mob head farm, which Spoke pearls onto. Ash arrives and gives him an ender chest. Spoke tells him everything that happened and Ash explains that they were the players he had hired, and that they betrayed him. Spoke makes a copy of the entire coord book and gives it to Ash, saying that they were now on a time crunch and had to each go their separate ways.

Before going to the next farm, Spoke revisits JamatoP's old base and recalls the memories they had. He had betrayed Jamato’s trust and left him behind, all wrapped up in his exploit arc. Spoke realises that he betrayed Mapicc the same way he betrayed Jamato. Jamato had took him in when no one else wanted to talk or even interact with him, and was there for him from the beginning. He and Mapicc were the two people that had actually cared enough to befriend him, so he didn’t want the same thing that happened with Jamato to happen with Mapicc.

Spoke goes around spawn, searching for Mapicc, and finds him in his new base, right next to the one that was blown up. He makes amends with him and tells him that they don’t need to work with Ash anymore. They decide to go back to their end base to make a plan moving forward.

Spoke and Mapicc are in the middle of a peaceful session when they hear explosions in their end base out of nowhere. They fly out to see two invis players blowing up the base. At first, they think it’s Roshambo, but Mapicc realises that it’s Wemmbu and his new accomplice, eggchan. They chase after Wemmbu, who is spamming TNT and withers, but they blow up a good chunk of their base before escaping. With no more home, Spoke and Mapicc set up a temporary bunker in the end dimension.

Now they have to complete this mission more than ever to make sure that Roshambo won’t have the resources for another war. They head to the next farm in the coord book, a flower farm, where surprisingly, Roshambo and Planet and planting flowers. They head to them and ask why they were here. Roshambo says that they’ve changed and aren’t touching exploits anymore. Spoke doesn’t believe them and further questions them, but out of nowhere, the whole flower farm explodes.

The sheer amount of TNT used to explode a simple flower farm shocks them all, and once the explosions clear out, Roshambo accuses them of blowing it up. Spoke and Mapicc protest that it wasn’t them, but in their minds, they knew it was Ash. Roshambo and Planet are skeptical, but seem to decide to believe them.

Spoke and Mapicc hurry to the next farm, but they are too late. It’s already been blown up. They check some of the previous locations, but they’ve all been blown up, including the skyblock island, Jepexx’s trading hall, and the guardian farm. Spoke is horrified, realising that he is the one who cause this, as he gave Ash all of the coords.

They decide to head to the very last farm in an attempt to save it. It’s one of the rarest farms in the game, so they have to make this count. Spoke tells Mapicc that Ash won’t show himself if he’s there, so Mapicc flies off to a corner of the giant obsidian box the farm’s located in. Ash eventually shows up.

Spoke interrogates him, telling him that what he’s doing is wrong, but Ash just laughs in his face. He tells Spoke that Spoke knows nothing, and that this was his plan all along. He actually wasn’t the helpless player that they had assumed he was at the start. He wanted the exploits Spoke knew of, but knowing that he would never give him the exploits, he joined in on their little mission. Now that every farm except one was blown up, the blame would all be put on Spoke and Mapicc, since they were the only ones seen at all of the farms, other than the invis players. He leaves Spoke with an ominous warning to choose the right thing.

Mapicc flies in after Ash leaves and Spoke briefs him on everything Ash told him. An insanely large group of players, all invis and wearing plain netherite armour, shows up and starts attacking Mapicc with a goal to kill him. Spoke knows that Ash has ordered them not to kill him, as he needs Spoke for the exploits, so he lures the players into a cave. Mapicc changes his armour to plain netherite and splashes himself with invis to blend in with the crowd and go unnoticed. They take the search to the nether, where Mapicc and Spoke reconvene underground. The episode closes off with the sound of someone digging towards them.

This was only the beginning, Spoke realises.


It's Impossible to Find this Player

After five of ParrotX2's friends, rekrap2, JumperWho, Kenadian_, Derapchu, and Leow0ok, disappear, along with ClownPierce, the server's deadliest player, Parrot and Wifies head to the location that Clown left them. Upon arrival, they stumble across a massive sky island. Parrot and Wifies find two players, Jaden_MAN and Spongs, who refer to themselves as the game masters. They tell Parrot and Wifies that if they want to find the missing players, they had to complete quests.

Parrot and Wifies’s first quest is for a Heart of the Sea. They clean their inventories and the game masters give them a kit to complete the quest with. They destroy an underwater gold box in a lake and find a barrel with a lodestone compass. They are interrupted by two players named Kierrrr and Its_Dev. They say that they have been ordered by a player named Boosfer to assist them in their quest, but Parrot and Wifies get suspicious, so they pot invis and run away. They come across Clown-themed ships and Parrot finds a book that says "Dig where the winds meet.” Wifies tells him that they have to go in the direction of the sails. After obtaining the Heart of the Sea, Parrot realises that it’s Derapchu's prized possession. They put the item into the corresponding quest temple and a blue beacon lights up.

The game masters give Parrot and Wifies another kit and send them on another quest for a pair of netherite boots, Jumper’s prized possession. Parrot and Wifies find a town in the sky, but Kier and Dev show up again for "assistance.” They have to catch thirty-two fish, light all of the hot air balloons, replace all of the lanterns, repair all of the damaged crops, and fill all of the empty cauldrons. Parrot and Wifies place the lanterns. They find some flying machines and glowstone beneath carpets throughout the island. Parrot distract Kier and Dev by telling them that the hot air balloons are in the shape of an arrow, and they fly off. They follow a trail of glowstone to a sea lantern, where Wifies uses it to activate the flying machines. They look below a sea lantern flying machine and find the boots, which they place into a quest temple and activate a white beacon.

Parrot and Wifies don’t find the game masters, but they see their ender chests and kits for the next quest. They decide to go talk to Boosfer about why he wants the items so much. They head to his headquarters, an office building in a jungle. Boosfer says that he steals people’s prized possessions and sells them for lots of money. Parrot asks him to stop bothering them, but he declines and says he doesn’t care. Parrot tells him that the items were meant to help them find their missing friends and that if Boosfer interferes, they may be gone forever.

Parrot and Wifies go on another quest to look for a poppy, which they have no idea who it belongs to. They find a massive flower field in which they have to locate a poppy within. While searching for the poppy, Parrot gets irritated by how many red tulips are in the fields since they look like poppies. After a long time of searching and going insane over flowers, they finally find the poppy. They dig under the poppy and find a cave with lots of poppies as well. They realize that the poppies lead to something so they follow the path of the poppies and eventually reach a valley.

Parrot and Wifies explore the valley until they see more moss and grass, which leads to a large tree. They walk around it until Parrot gets mining fatigue. They decide to check the inside of the tree and find an escape room. It goes wells until they hear the tree burning down and fireworks being shot by none other than Kier, Dev and Boosfer. Parrot and Wifies hide from them, but after they find them, they ask for the item. Wifies offers to distract them while Parrot continues looking for the item, but he declines and keeps them busy instead. He begins bluffing and deletes everything from the book, writing, "Through the valley's last edge, under the boulder below" on the first page and "deez nuts" on the second page before giving it to them.

After a while of meandering around, they uncover Parrot’s bluff. He leads them to where they were actually supposed to go and mines down, but realises that the tree is Rekrap's base. Since Wifies stashed the item in his ender chest, Kier, Dev and Boosfer threaten to kill them and blow up the base. Parrot doesn’t want them to, giving them leverage over him and Wifies. They tell them to bring the item to their headquarters in thirty minutes or else the base gets destroyed.

Once they leave, Parrot and Wifies start evacuating all of the animals in Rekrap’s base. They hear withers and find bomber planes. They bridge up to them and find Wemmbu. He tells them that he was paid by someone anonymous to grief Rekrap's base. Parrot realizes it's Boosfer, Kier and Dev, and Wemmbu admits that they were the ones who hired him. He needs money to build another empire of his own and get revenge on PrinceZam and the Zam Empire by declaring war on them. Parrot tells Wemmbu that he doesn't need to stoop down Zam’s level to get revenge, and that they can rob Boosfer, Kier, and Dev, which Wemmbu agrees to.

Parrot and Wifies place the flower in its quest temple’s item frame and activate the beacon. They retrieve their netherite gear to tell Boosfer that his plan to bomb the valley failed. He taunts them, and, realising that there is no point in staying, they head back to the quest temples.

Upon return, Parrot interrogates Jaden and Spongs about why they’re always absent. They play dumb and give them a cave quest. They are looking for a diamond, which Parrot assumes belongs to Leo. After entering the cave, they are met with another escape room. They complete it and find a cave maze. On the other side is an ancient city where they have to kill a warden to obtain a skulk catalyst needed to open a vault door. The warden is defeated and they find Leo’s diamond behind the vault door.

Parrot and Wifies go back to the quest temples and activate the beacon for the diamond. However, Kier and Dev jump them and steal all of the items that they found. They just played dumb the entire time and waited for a chance to steal all of the items at once. There is nothing they can do without the game masters. When they finally arrive, Parrot lectures them about their irresponsibility and tell them that they need to deal with something else.

They head to the Wemmbu Civilization and form a plan to rob Boosfer, Kier, and Dev. Parrot tells Wemmbu that he will help destroy their base using an orbital cannon as long as Wemmbu only uses it on them and the Zam Empire. They launch the orbital cannon and grief Boosfer, Kier, and Dev’s base. After a successful heist in which they steal most of the Treasure Hunters’ riches, Parrot and Wifies head back to the quest temples.

Parrot tells the game masters to send them on the nether quest. They receive a book with six sets of coordinates. The first set has oddly placed nether quartz. They realise that it is morse code and they translate it to "Rurple," which is supposed to mean "Purple.” They go to the second set of coordinates but only find a lava ocean. They go to the third set of coordinates and are met with a bastion, along with a sign that says "840 32 cyan.” They head to the next set of coords and find a chest in a nether fortress with a magenta candle, a spruce button, an oak plank, and brown wool. The decode the blocks with their block IDs to find the message “670.5 brown.” They arrive above a lava lake and splash each other with fire resistance before jumping in and finding a sign that says “960.18 pink.” They go to the nether roof of the second set of coords and find two signs that say "390.43 blue” and "390.43 blue.”

The last set of coordinates houses a library constructed over a lava ocean. Parrot and Wifies tame striders to ride and use the Dewey Decimal System to find specific books, which they use to unlock a vault at the back. They find a wither rose and Parrot realises that it belongs to Kenadian. They head back to the quest temples to activate their fifth beacon.

Parrot and Wifies go to the end quest. They do a parkour course/escape room to reach the portal to the outer end islands. They find a chest containing fireworks, elytras, and a book. They search the islands and find an end city with a cartography table and Wifies’s prized dragon head. Upon returning to the main end island, they run into Kier and Dev. They respawn the ender dragon and threaten to kill them. Parrot and Wifies obtain their gear through an ender chest in the end city and chase them away. They place Wifies’s dragon head in the sixth quest temple and activate the beacon.

Parrot and Wifies head to their usual meeting place with Jaden and Spongs, but instead see Clown. Parrot asks him why there are seven quest temples since they completed all of the quests and only six beacons were lit. Clown tells Parrot that he is the last key. Parrot places down the final item to return the missing players, his precious spyglass. Clown empties all of their inventories before leading them to what they worked to achieve all along.

Welcome to Proton, Minecraft’s most secure prison.


Unstable SMP: The PrinceZam Empire War

The episode starts off with Wemmbu and Eggchan assembling a team of players, ItsLilKae, LuckyMixx, and Block_Facts, to wage war on the Zam Empire. He plans to use the orbital cannon that ParrotX2 and Wifies helped him build to strike the empire first before attacking. He leads the team to the empire, but discovers that it has a giant obsidian roof covering the entire empire. Wemmbu ditches the orbital cannon part of the plan and his team engages into combat with the guards, Pangi, Dol9hin, loppezz, LuigiToan, WyLL_, and What_Max. He himself sneaks off to PrinceZam's castle to murder him.

A fight ensues between Wemmbu and PrinceZam and his minions. He eventually manages to get himself and Zam alone in a cave. He is on the verge of killing Zam when his guards arrive. Wemmbu is trapped and PrinceZam starts taunting him on how weak he is. Wemmbu retorts that Zam can never take a fair 1 v 1; he calls his guards to do all of his dirty work. He pulls off an escape and reconvenes with Eggchan at the Wemmbu Civilization.

Horace_Altman, a builder they hired, has renovated their empire, repairing it from the TNT and making a bigger obsidian wall around the expanding empire. Wemmbu pays him with netherite ingots he and Egg stole from the Treasure Hunters' vault.

Wemmbu realises how outnumbered they really are and he and Eggchan form a plan to sneak into the Zam Empire again to fetch ManePear, a Zam guard who betrayed, conveniently AFK during their previous fight. He theorises that with Mane’s PVP skills and knowledge of the empire, they could potentially defeat Zam. He pots invis and sneaks into the Zam Empire, distracting the guards with firework traps they set up around the empire. He frees Mane from the obsidian box he trapped him in while AFK and they escape back to the Wemmbu Civilization.

Mane tells Wemmbu that PrinceZam will launch an attack to conquer the Roshambogames Civilization. Still unsure of ManePear’s ulterior motives, he traps Mane in another obsidian box since he doesn’t have a pickaxe and decides to go check it out. If the Zam Empire is really taking over Ro's civilization, then he’ll know that Mane is telling the truth.

Wemmbu sets an ender pearl stasis, pots invis, and heads to the Ro Civilization. He sees FlameFrags and Merffinn at the entrance, interrogating Ro. They make a deal that Flame will duel Ro. If Ro wins, his empire will be left alone. If Flame wins, then he will have to surrender everything. They head to an arena in the empire and the fight begins. Flame pulls out a wooden sword to fight Ro with, and easily gains the upper hand. All of Ro’s armour pieces except for his chestplate pop, and Wemmbu shows himself in defence of Ro.

Wemmbu tells Flame that he’ll duel Flame instead, and heads elsewhere with Ro to prepare. He tells Ro to pack everything of value up and take the citizens somewhere safe while he distracts Flame. He returns to the arena and the duel starts. Ro finally confirms that everyone is out after a few minutes and Wemmbu stasises away.

He meets back up with Egg and they free Mane from the obsidian box. They go to the renovated town hall and discuss their plans moving forward. Since they don’t have the manpower to take all of Zam’s guards at once, they decide to take down all of the high-ranking officers before going for Zam himself. Regarding the failed attack they launched on the Zam Empire, Zam probably wouldn’t be online without Flame anymore. They go with yungwillx first, because he is the easiest to kill and is prone to traps. He owns a castle and heads there when he isn’t working for Zam, so they decide to set a TNT minecart trap there.

Since the Zam Empire doesn’t know that Mane betrayed yet, he will distract yungwillx while Wemmbu sets up the trap. Wemmbu fumbles with the trap, and yungwillx is confused as to why Mane is visiting him, but they manage to make it work. They escape before their cover can be blown, but they still need to activate the trap. They disguise Wemmbu as Mane and pot invis while Mane goes without armor to activate the trap. Wemmbu arrives back at yungwillx’s property and Mane types in the chat that his mom is in the room, so he is muted. He also accidentally potted invis instead of speed. However, when Mane activates the trap, it fails to kill yungwillx, and they are discovered. They engage in combat, but Zam and his guards arrive. They pop yungwillx’s armour and tell the Zam Empire forces that if they don’t leave, then they will kill yungwillx. After some debate, Zam and his guards fly off. They take yungwillx hostage and imprison him in the Wemmbu Civilization’s colony.

Wemmbu, Mane, and Egg meet again in the town hall. Wemmbu wants to kidnap Peentar, yungwillx’s closest friend on this server, next. Since Zam is probably already planning to retrieve yungwillx, they’ll leave a note for Peentar in his house telling him that if he doesn’t come alone to the Wemmbu Civilization, they’ll kill yungwillx. Egg tells Wemmbu that he shouldn’t do this, and that he’s just following in Zam’s footsteps at this point, but he doesn’t care.

Wemmbu writes the book, telling Peentar to make a secret underground tunnel system to the Zam Empire and Zam’s castle and set a trap beneath Zam’s throne before coming to the Wemmbu Civilization. They sneak into the Zam empire and successfully finish the job, setting fire to his house in the process.

Peentar eventually arrives and Wemmbu and Mane let him see yungwillx on the condition that he drops all of his items. However, it is a trap and they successfully imprison Peentar as well. Mane wants to just kill them both, and Wemmbu starts siding with him, but Egg protests, saying that they can still use the prisoners for leverage, and that it is morally wrong. Wemmbu finally relents, but Egg says that he still doesn’t want any part in this bloodshed.

Wemmbu and Mane go to the Zam Empire to see if Peentar had built the tunnels and the trap. He did, in fact, build them, so they go to the trap and activate it, thinking that Zam is on the throne. Instead, the trap fails and all they accomplish is trapping Sorhin, another one of Zam's guards. With a failed trap, they just decide to cover their tracks and take Sorhin prisoner.

Once Wemmbu and Mane arrive at the Wemmbu Civilization, things take a turn for the worse. They hear lots of withers spawning, and discover that Zam has freed yungwillx and Peentar and is launching an attack on the empire. They try to fend off the Zam Empire, but their civilization is bombed all the same, like last time. They trap Wemmbu and pop everything except his chestplate, but in the end, Wemmbu surrenders and says that he’ll leave the Zam Empire alone and just mind his own business. PrinceZam spares him and gives him a second chance.

Mane, however, decides that it is a good idea to challenge FlameFrags, the Immortal Demon, to a duel to the death to see who is the stronger player once and for all. Wemmbu gears him up and they start fighting while the rest of the players spectate from the side. Before either side could win, though, Mane pauses and takes off all of his armour, seeing that he was starting to lose. Zam says that they won’t bother the Wemmbu Civilization anymore if he doesn’t bother them.

Wemmbu pots invis, tired of Zam’s yapping, and runs away. He and Mane both escape, but before he is able to make it out, he sees Egg being held captive by Zam and his guards. Zam tells Egg that he’ll let Wemmbu go, but he’ll keep him indefinitely. Wemmbu realises that Egg is already long gone and just leaves.

Wemmbu, Mane, and Lucky regroup on an island near the Zam Empire, which has their obsidian roof taken down, and regear themselves. They discuss their plans moving forward. Mane still wants to fight, but Wemmbu opposes him. However, there is still one way to get revenge on the Zam Empire.

He heads into the Zam Empire and sets off a TNT bomb to catch the guards’ attention. They eventually see him and he asks to be taken to Zam. The guards lead him to the castle, and he sees Zam sitting on his throne. Zam, confused, asks why he’s here. Wemmbu replies that since his civilization is no more, and all that he can do is just play alone on this server, he might as well just create a new singleplayer survival world. In short, he wants to turn himself in. Zam sees nothing that he could do to oppose him anymore, so he takes Wemmbu down to Egg and tells him that he’ll take the liberty to imprison him with Egg as a final wish.

Before entering the prison, Zam tells Wemmbu to clear his inventory and gives him thirty-seven cakes, thirty-six for his inventory and one for his offhand, to check that he really has a clear inventory. Wemmbu, however, outsmarts him by picking up all of the cakes and putting his ender chests, elytra, and a stack of notches in his four crafting slots. He pulls the act off, gears himself from his ender chest, frees Egg, escapes, and activates the orbital strike cannon.

Zam and his guards are shocked, and start chasing him down as TNT rains from the sky in multiple strikes, lagging the server. Egg manages to escape, and Wemmbu eventually loses Zam’s minions, leaving only him and Zam. They start fighting, and Zam berates Wemmbu for destroying everything that he worked for from the start of this server. Wemmbu taunts him about how it feels to have all of his work destroyed in a matter of minutes, and that this was entirely his fault.

They drain each other of their resources and, in the end, land on the roof of a house overlooking the harbor. Wemmbu asks Zam why he betrayed him, but Zam tells him that he has no business knowing that. Wemmbu pushes more, and Zam finally relents, apologizing to him and saying that they both have made lots of mistakes. Wemmbu admits that they’re essentially even now.

They are interrupted by ClownPierce, who lands and starts threatening to ban Wemmbu off of the server. He tells them both that they’re coming with him.


How I Escaped Minecraft's Largest Prison

The episode starts off with a recap of last episode’s ending. Wemmbu and PrinceZam are kidnapped and forced into an obsidian box with no roof, containing a hyperrealistic world simulating normal Minecraft with the same biomes and features as the real game. They are each given three totems for their indefinite stay.

Wemmbu collects a bit of wood before Zam finds him and immediately starts attacking him. He pops all three of Wemmbu’s totems before he manages to escape. Wemmbu explores the world and gears himself up before ClownPierce, their captor, announces that a few new prisoners are joining them. He heads to the place where he spawned in by an ender pearl cannon to kill the new players for their totems, but instead, Eggchan drops into the world. He says that he was with Pangi, a former Zam Empire guard, during the security checks. He only has one totem, though. They build a trap for Pangi and get Wemmbu his totem.

Wemmbu and Egg build a rough draft of a skybase in a corner of the world away from Zam and get themselves iron armour. They run into Zam, who has half diamond armour, and Pangi. Zam offers them to join the Zam Empire 2.0, but Wemmbu declines, and they start fighting. Zam has a Flame and Power bow, and Wemmbu and Egg realise that they are extremely undergeared. They barely make it out alive and return to home base.

Wemmbu dives underground to get diamond gear while Egg starts making a creeper farm for gunpowder. They want to escape the prison by using an ender pearl cannon because that was the method Clown used to get them into the prison, and that there are certainly chunk bans behind the walls.

Wemmbu resurfaces from his mining excursion right in the middle of the Zam Empire 2.0. He investigates the empire and steals some semi-useful resources when he sees that Zam and Pangi aren’t there. He returns to Egg and tells him the news. They craft diamond armour and start fishing for enchantments. Egg catches a Protection III book, a Looting book, an Infinity and a Power IV bow, and other random enchants while Wemmbu comes up empty-handed.

Their fishing trip is quickly interrupted by Clown announcing that he will send a juggernaut into the prison to kill them. If they manage to pop his totem, he will teleport away and they’ll be safe. Wemmbu and Egg head to the Zam Empire 2.0 to negotiate a temporary peace treaty. Zam says that they can team up if they put the Zam Empire insignia onto their shields. Egg accepts but Wemmbu refuses, so they start fighting again.

The juggernaut, FerreMC, Clown’s right-hand man, attacks them. They decide to team up anyway, and eventually pop Ferre’s totem, along with his helmet, with no deaths.

Wemmbu and Egg go back to building their creeper farm. They head to the Zam Empire 2.0 to spy, and see that Zam has obtained obsidian and created a nether portal. Pangi goes through and is chunk banned. Wemmbu tells Egg to get the obsidian with his charm, but he only succeeds in making friends with Zam. Seeing that Zam has obsidian, it won’t be long until he has maxed out gear from an enchanting table.

Wemmbu and Egg head back to their dysfunctional creeper farm and realise that they need Zam’s help to fix it. Wemmbu jumps Zam in his villager trading hall and asks him to help with their creeper farm, as well as how he got obsidian and villagers, since there is no village or lava pool  in this prison. He says that he got the obsidian from a raid and that zombie villagers spawn in here. He agrees to help them with their creeper farm and form a temporary alliance. He tells them that with the amount of gunpowder they need (two and a half stacks), they could use an alternative method and just get it the old-fashioned way, by killing creepers.

They reach the creeper farm and Zam inspects it. He tells Egg to never use the tutorial he did again. The only advice he comes up with is to make it larger, since the spawn area is too small. They head back to the Zam Empire 2.0, but are met with a surprise. Clown announces that he knows about their escape plans, and that since a certain someone in the prison is so obsessed with orbital cannons, he’d send them a little gift.

Not five seconds after, a ball of TNT strikes the Zam Empire 2.0. Multiple orbital cannon shots strike the base. Wemmbu digs underground to hide from the explosives. Once the detonations end, there is nothing left of the Zam Empire 2.0.

Zam starts blaming everything on Wemmbu, that the entire reason he has nothing left is because Wemmbu came knocking on his door that day when he wanted Zam’s help to catch SpokeIsHere. He not only blew up his first empire, but also caused the second one to be decimated. Wemmbu tells him that Clown wouldn’t let Zam kill him just to mess with them for his own personal enjoyment. He takes off all of his armour, and sure enough, Clown’s voice sounds again, this time announcing another juggernaut attack.

Realising that now they have a bigger enemy to deal with, Zam and Wemmbu team up again for the time being. Since they don’t have Pangi to help this time, they decide to sacrifice some of their gunpowder to cart Ferre. Ferre soon arrives, and a fight ensues. After a while, Ferre tells them to pause and drop all of their carts, because apparently they aren’t allowed to have them. Zam distracts Ferre while Wemmbu charges up his bow and they pop Ferre’s totem from a cart. He is teleported out.

Zam tells Wemmbu that he’ll leave them alone again if they don’t come bother him. However, their peace is interrupted when Clown says that there will be new prisoners joining them. They head towards the entrypoint and see Zam giving a speech to the prisoners, _Kenadian_, LuckyMixx, Spepticle, loppezz, SykerMC, and Dol9hin. He says that they will rebuild the Zam Empire, but shows no interest in escaping. Wemmbu tells everyone that they have an escape plan, and if anyone joins them, they can escape them as well.

Wemmbu and Egg recruit _Kenadian_, a master escapist, LuckyMixx, and Spepticle to their team. They ask Kenadian what he knows about this prison, and he tells them that he doesn’t have an escape plan. They fill him in on their plans and ask him if it will work. He says that he doesn’t know anything about TNT mechanics, and that they’ll have to calculate the distance they need to shoot the ender pearl. They end up with about 350 blocks.

LuckyMixx logs off and Wemmbu gears up Kenadian and Spepticle while Egg wanders about. He spots Zam’s team approaching and they prepare for battle. Zam attacks, but after exchanging blows, finally sees that Clown simply won’t let him kill Wemmbu, so retreats.

Wemmbu and his team can finally work in peace, so Kenadian builds the design with redstone components, honey blocks, active rails, an anvil, and other components. He briefs Wemmbu and Egg on how it works: an ender pearl is thrown along the side of the honey blocks while the piston pushes them up and down. The rails are angled to shoot the pearl, and when a lever is flicked, the ender pearl will be shot by the exploding TNT across the chunk bans and to freedom.

Spepticle goes out once it’s night to gather ender pearls for all four of them and some extra TNT. However, as he is swimming up the water to the machine, Clown tells them that he sees their escape attempt and has to put a stop to it. He teleports the newcomers away through preset ender pearl stases and releases his guards into the prison to break the machine.

The ender pearls that Wemmbu and Egg needed to both escape were with Spepticle, who is now gone, leaving them with only one ender pearl. Wemmbu reasons that the only way they can both escape is if they stall the guards until nighttime, then collect a pearl for Egg and escape. However, the guards arrive sooner than expected, and, knowing that only one of them can escape, Egg tells Wemmbu to go. They exchange bows and he gives Wemmbu his totem in case things go awry. Egg stalls the guards as Wemmbu crafts and sets up all of the TNT carts and the ender pearl, then pulls the lever.

The TNT explodes and the ender pearl flies out of sight, but nothing happens. Wemmbu falls to the ground and the guards immediately swarm on him. He tries to fight, but the guards end up popping his totem. Knowing that he’s probably going to be taken prisoner again as well, Wemmbu gives up and surrenders, putting away his weapon. Before the guards can take him away, though, everything goes black.

The pearl flies all the way across the inner obsidian wall, through the obsidian spikes, through the chunk bans, through the outer wall, all the way to the other side.

Egg messages Wemmbu that the guards have captured him, but Wemmbu quickly runs, away from the prison and towards freedom.


Escaping Proton: Minecraft's Most Secure Prison

After ParrotX2 and Wifies arrive at Proton, they find that the cell they are put in is rather large, with a hilly plains terrain and a river cutting through it. Directly across the hill they are standing on are multiple leafless cherry trees, which they immediately chop down and turn into slabs so they can scale to the build-limit-high crying obsidian walls with a broken green line that circulates it. They decide to stop at one of the green platforms, which Wifies steps on, getting him chunk banned by a fox ban.

Parrot goes back down and waits until a guard arrives. He tries to convince the guard to free Wifies, but the guard doesn't say anything and ignores his request. He gives Parrot a pearl and leads him through a tunnel that takes him to a nearly identical cell to the previous one, but with red platforms and acacia trees. Parrot goes to an unfinished house with a crafting table and two signs that read "if you can see this" and "jumperwho and derapchu were here."

rekrap2 arrives shortly after and tells Parrot that he was with _Kenadian_ before he got transferred to the red cell. Parrot informs him that he was with Wifies, but he got chunk banned. He shows Rekrap the signs, and Rekrap explains that the prison is newly built and that it contains all of the missing players that Parrot was searching for. Rekrap informs him that before he was with Kenadian, he was with Wemmbu, but he managed to escape before they started moving the prisoners.

Rekrap asks Parrot what they were doing in the previous cell, and Parrot tells him that they were scaling to the top of the walls. They didn't manage to do so before Wifies got banned and suggests that they try again. While gathering materials, Wifies is freed, and Parrot tries to whisper to him, "Are you all good?" before crashing. Parrot attempts to message Wifies again, only to discover the same thing. He tells Rekrap to message him, which makes Rekrap crash. Parrot tries again, only to crash. Parrot then tries to type in the normal chat, butit doesn't show up in the log at all.

Parrot and Rekrap go down to see if the walls reach bedrock, only to discover that they do. They scale the walls all the way to build height and find the two other cells that are connected to a central room, as well as an outer wall of one layer of obsidian. They go down via waterfall and Parrot almost falls to his death. They decide to write signs that say "and Parrot ∋ and rek," "message from ∋ parrot and rek ∋∋ went to top --," "saw three cells ∋ also small outer ∋ walls," "red green blue ∋ cells. 2 ppl per ∋ cell. as of now, we think it is," "parrot, rekrap, ∋ wifies, jumper, ∋ derapchu, ∋ kenadian," and "messaging is ∋ also banned for ∋ some reason," in front of Jumper and Derapchu's signs.

Rekrap asks if they should scale the entrances which are curved to see if they can look through them. While scaling, Parrot talks about how calculated Proton is, especially compared to PrinceZam's prison. Rekrap discusses how there has to be a weak spot like the Death Star from Star Wars, Parrot retorts, saying to look around. Rekrap retorts that he has to believe 'cause what else are they supposed to do. Rekrap goes mining while Parrot looks around. Parrot almost dies while wandering around which made them decide to make a wheat farm. Rekrap tries to discuss possible ways to escape a chunkban but Parrot can't think of possible ways to do so and neither can Rekrap. Parrot then decides to go mining while Rekrap gathers food, agreeing to meet back up in 10 minutes. When Parrot returns he doesn't see Rekrap but does see a guard who hits and gestures for him to get going. The guard gives Parrot a pearl, which Parrot keeps, then asks the guard if they want to use the bridge that he and Rekrap made, to which the guard agrees.

The guard then leads Parrot to the blue cell, where he finds Kenadian, with Ken confirming that he came from the green cell. Parrot informs Ken he was with Wifies first, then with Rek, while Ken informs him he was with Rek first, then Derapchu. Parrot is happy that Ken is with him because he knows what he's doing, to which Ken hesitates, saying that it's a lot easier from the outside. Ken then informs Parrot that there are rings of bubble elevators in the outside that can be seen just about when one builds high enough. Parrot then goes inside a wooden shack that has a sign on it saying, "I am safe ∋ - Wifies ∋ - Jumper." Parrot and Ken then discuss the prison. Ken points out the three beacons and informs Parrot that they came from the control room, which means that there really are only three cells. Parrot then stops and asks Ken to repeat himself; Ken then pointed at the beacons, the ones coming off to the side. Parrot then leads Ken to the tunnel, discussing how Ken said the beacons come from the control room and how Parrot and Rek were discussing the possibility of a control room earlier. Parrot then grills Ken about making the assumption that the beacons are coming from the control room while Ken tries to defend his case. Parrot then interrogates Ken about the fact that he doesn't know anybody else on the server who's capable of making a prison like this, and that he doesn't know how Ken ended up in the prison, but that he wants Ken to be honest with him about whether or not they made the prison. Ken eventually relents saying that he may have in fact designed it and didn't inform Parrot 'cause he didn't want him to get mad. Ken then confirms that Clown hired him to design the prison but that he didn't know what he was gonna use it for. They then climb to build height and Parrot tells Ken that he doesn't care that Ken designed the prison 'cause it doesn't affect him and that it probably helps them because he knows the entire inner layout. And that Parot understands Ken keeping it a secret from them 'cause he didn't want them getting mad, to which Ken interrupts saying it wasn't just that, that with his knowledge of the cell their chances of escape was 0, that he patched so many ways to escape but that they can still try but that it's his knowledge against him and why he's pretty much given up and that it's nice in the prison anyway. Parrot then asks, "Is it though?" Ken replies "It's cozy." Parrot then tells him that if they don't try then they have no shot in the first place and that he wants to get everyone out, that he doesn't know how but he's gonna try but that if he wants to help then he's gonna have to be truthful 100% of the time. Ken agrees. They then go back to the shack to discuss the layout of the prison. Ken then informs him that they've modified the prison but that he'll try his best. Parrot then asks for all the information Ken knows, and Ken gives a rundown of everything he knows about the prison's design and possible courses of action. Ken suggests maps to distribute amongst the prisoners. Parrot then points out that the guards don't really patrol the inside of the cells and brings up the possibility of getting someone inside to bring an ender chest.

A guard arrives while Parrot gathers wheat and leads him to the green cell. Parrot finds a cobblestone shack with three signs in it that read "rekrap and ∋ jumper," "you can turn ∋ chunkbans on ∋ and off," and "at least 2-3 ∋ different guards." Parrot finds Derapchu and catches up with him because of how long it's been since they last saw each other. Derapchu then informs Parrot that there used to be a lot more people in the prison and that Wemmbu was one of them, but he escaped. Parrot then tells Derapchu that Ken built the prison; Derapchu then exclaims that he hates Ken, but Parrot reasons that it's good 'cause he knows the ins and outs of the prison. Parrot then discusses how to spread messages between the prisoners using maps with copies of each of the cells. Derapchu and Parrot then go mining for redstone. Eventually they find some and test it out by having Derapchu place blocks that say "HI" and "YO" while Parrot sees if it shows up in his map. They then keep a number of maps among them and plan to distribute them by the time they get redistributed. They then see a guard coming and say their farewells.

Parrot then follows the guard, who leads him to the red cell, and along the way, Parrot guesses there's at least 2 or 3 guards and lists off what he's observed: one sprint-jumps the whole way, and the one who was currently leading him turns around a lot. When Parrot arrives, he makes a map and greets Jumper. Parrot then tells Jumper about their map plan and gives Jumper one. Parrot then discovers that the maps blank out after moving, so he makes a cartography table to hopefully fix the problem. They then test out various blocks they can use for writing and find out that diorite is the most legible. They then write, place, andseveral diorite blocks until it shows up on the map as a dot. They run out of diorite in the middle of it and go mining; once they have a good number, then they make a flat plane of dirt for the purpose of writing. Parrot then convinces Jumper to go into solitary confinement in order to expand the map. Jumper then goes to build height and pearls out in order to get caught by guards. Leo suddenly arrives at the cell as a visitor and asks Parrot what was up with Jumper. Parrot asks Leo how many guards took Jumper, and he said 3. Parrot feels bad because of how quickly the guards took Jumper, and Leo is upset at the fact his teammate got taken to solitary confinement. Leo asks Parrot for help breaking out his teammates, and Parrot agrees 'cause he was already planning to do that anyway. Leo then tells Parrot he needs to make a stasis chamber so he can come back later. Parrot then asks Leo how long he's waiting until he or someone else comes but is teleported away before he can answer. Parrot then makes a sign that says, "Grab the maps in ∋ the chest," and hides it behind a wall. Parrot asks for a pearl to pearl into the tunnel, which the guard does give, but Parrot decides to go through the bridge instead to save his pearl. Parrot asks the guard where Jumper went, but they don't answer. Parrot hits the guard and hides; the guard slashes Parrot and takes out half his health.

Parrot is taken to the green cell where he reunites with Wifies, where they lament the fact that they couldn't talk with one another without crashing. Parrot gives Wifies a map and finds that someone in the blue cell has a map. Wifies then tells Parrot that, as he was transported, he heard a voice he's never heard before. Parrot tells Wifies about Leo wanting a stasis chamber made using honey, for which they would need saplings, and Wifies informs Parrot that the cells are large enough to spawn wandering traders but that they would still need to figure out how to get emeralds. Parrot opens his map again and finds that the person in the blue cell has written "...---..." (SOS) in their cell. They decide to reply with "EMERALD" (./--/./.-./.-/.-../-..), while the other person has also written "..-/--./---/---/-.." (UGOOD). They decide to leave it up for 5 minutes and go down mining to look for emeralds and find 3. They then resurface and take down the message. A guard then comes to get Parrot while he is in the middle of taking down Wifies' diorite structure. Parrot fails to pearl into the tunnel the first time and had to be given another one. While Parrot is crossing the tunnel, he hears eggchan ask if there was anybody there and to help him. Parrot tried to listen in on where eggchan was but was made to continue walking by the guard.

Parrot is back in the red cell with Rek and finds out he was the one who sent the code and that Rek has 6 emeralds. They then split up to look for the wandering trader, and Rek gives Parrot 3 emeralds. Parrot doesn't find anything and goes back to get bonemeal. Rek finds the wandering trader in the snow mountain who has a birch sapling trade for 5 emeralds. Parrot trades for one of the saplings and asks Rek if he heard "Wemmbu's friend" in the hallway, which Rek confirms he did, but that he didn't say anything back 'cause he was scared of how rough the guard was. Parrot then explains to Rek about Leo wanting a stasis chamber and that they can make one out of honey. They get a hive tree after the third attempt and attempt to get more. Parrot dives under the river to try to find sand but discovers there aren't any, but Rek informs him that wandering traders trade for sand. They then keep trying to get hive trees. Parrot realizes they'd need sticky pistons but don't know how to obtain slime. Parrot then makes a sign for the next round of prisoners that says, "Shear trees ∋ turn into bonemea ∋ grow trees ∋ get hives." A guard then comes to fetch Rek out of the cell and into the green cell. Parrot sneakily follows Rek and the guard but doesn't cross the line and goes back to the red cell and goes back to the green one. Another guard then comes to fetch Parrot; along the way, he asks who is inside the cells and if he's allowed to go in there. Naturally the guard doesn't answer.

Before arriving at the blue cell, Parrot blocks off the guard with wooden blocks before seeing the diorite Morse code that Rek made and didn't get rid of. Parrot goes to Ken and explains what has happened so far and their plans to get stasis chambers. Ken then realizes that there shouldn't even be emeralds in the cells and that they might not have mined them all, which means they have a chance to get out, but it's still risky. Parrot then relays another problem: he wants to get everyone out, but Jumper is in solitary. Parrot then asks Ken how to get Jumper out, and the only thing Ken can think of is to take full control of the control room. Wemmbu then suddenly appears and asks Parrot if he has the stasis set up. Parrot is confused because it's only been 4 hours at this point; Wemmbu is confused because why would setting up soulsand and water take so long? Parrot then informs him they don't have soulsand. Wemmbu asks if they have redstone; Parrot confirms they do. Wemmbu then asks if they have slime; Parrot confirms they don't and that there's probably some sort of mob switch. Parrot then asks if Wemmbu only has 10 minutes of visitation like Leo did; Wemmbu confirms he does. Ken and Parrot then tell Wemmbu that he came to the prison for nothing. Parrot then asks if Wemmbu expected there to be a stasis chamber set up already, which Wemmbu confirms, to which Parrot says they need at least a couple more hours. Wemmbu then asks what they need; Parrot tells him they need honey and that it's set up in another cell. Wemmbu is confused about there being another cell; Parrot asks him if Leo told him anything at all, to which Wemmbu confirms he didn't. Parrot then explains that there are 3 cells and 6 prisoners and that they are being rotated around. Wemmbu then asks about Egg and Zam; Parrot is confused and asks what he means. Wemmbu explains that there were a lot more people when he was in the prison and asks if there were anybody aside from the 6 people. When Parrot doesn't answer, Wemmbu exclaims that they're wasting time. Parrot then explains that Egg is in a maximum-security solitary confinement chamber. Wemmbu then asks how Leo escaped. Parrot becomes confused and frustrated and asks what Wemmbu was even doing there. Wemmbu then explains that Leo just told him to go there and that they had a stasis chamber set up, that he went through the entire visiting process naked only to find that they've been bumming around and don't even have a stasis chamber set up. Parrot tells him to come back in 6 hours, but Wemmbu tells him that he isn't sure if they'll let him in again 'cause he had to pull some strings to even enter and that they most likely did not want him to be there. Wemmbu then asks why they can't just message him when they have one set up; Parrot tells him to try messaging him right now; Wemmbu crashes, of course. They go to the wooden shack, and Parrot tells Wemmbu how it is, that they're playing with time. Wemmbu interrupts him, saying they don't have time for a yap speech, and asks how much time they need. Parrot tells him 6 hours, and Ken contests the 6-hour claim, saying that he's being optimistic. Parrot then says the 6 hours is only for having the stasis chamber set up, not necessarily for having a plan of escape. Parrot asks Wemmbu if he wants to send a message of any kind to Egg; Wemmbu questions him about that since he's supposedly in solitary confinement, and Parrot explains he can talk to him through the walls. Wemmbu then says to tell Egg, "Keep it pushing, man." Wemmbu then confirms the stasis chamber is getting done in 6 hours, and he gets stasised away. Parrot and Wifies then confirm that not only do they have to build a stasis chamber in 6 hours, but that they have to ensure it doesn't get found within that timeframe. Parrot then decides to destroy the Morse code but gets interrupted when he sees a guard watching him for who knows how long before getting transported. While getting transported, Parrot keeps stopping, and the guard poisons him because of it. Parrot gets down to 1 heart and tells the guard not to hit him anymore.

When Parrot arrives at the green cell, he tells the guard, "You are a sad, miserable little guard." Parrot meets up with Wifies and tells him that the guards may be catching onto them because Rek didn't get rid of their Morse code and 'cause a guard saw the honey farms that they started. Wifies asks Parrot how long solitary confinement takes, 'cause he heard Jumper ramble, "Bro, this guy really made me go into the center for the map," which was 5 hours ago. Parrot then tells Wifies that the voice he heard was Egg's and that Wemmbu was arriving in 5 & 1/2 hours. They then go to look for wandering traders. Wifey finds one, but it didn't have any useful trades. Wifies hits the trader with an axe, assuming it would only get it low only to kill it. Parrot then proposes following Wifies while invis, and Wifies retorts that he'll just get caught when they come to fetch him. Parrot then says he just needs to relay the plan to Jumper. Parrot asks Wifies if he wants to get to the top since he never really saw it, and Wifies agrees. While climbing, Parrot says that he feels like he's lost all sense of time while in the prison, then falls but manages to water clutch. They find another wandering trader (without llamas) on the way back to the staircase that sells 8 sand for 1 emerald; Parrot buys 16 sand before realizing he also sells 1 slimeball for 4 emeralds. Since Parrot only has 2 emeralds left, he and Wifies go looking for emeralds. Parrot and Wifies managed to find 2 emeralds before the trader despawned, so Parrot buys 1 slimeball. Parrot doesn't want to buy anything else from the trader, so they decide to kill him but do so prematurely, preventing an item drop. Since they don't have an invisibility potion, Wifies jokingly proposes that Parrot disguise himself as a crying obsidian. Parrot then wonders if the chunk bans in the tunnels get turned off all at once or one by one; Wifies answers that it's more intuitive for it to be all at once. Parrot then runs down their plan again; Parrot follows Wifies using the crying obsidian skin and then goes in the other tunnel. He then laments that if he gets caught, he'll be put in solitary confinement. A guard then arrives to fetch Wifies, and Parrot follows them.

After Wifies and the guard enter the tunnel, Parrot puts on the crying obsidian skin and sneakily follows them, crouching and staying at the side when another guard passes by. Once the guard passes by, Parrot sprints towards the blue cell and builds up into the other tunnel toward the red cell, removing his obsidian skin halfway through. He then talks to Jumper through the floor and informs her that they found a way out; Jumper then asks if they can take her out first. Parrot then says that he thought she'd be let out in 30 minutes, and Jumper cries that she's been there for 6 or 7 hours. Parrot asks Jumper if she still has the map, and she confirms that she does and has been reading the Morse code. Parrot then says that they've found someone who can sneak contraband into the prison and that they're going to break into the control room to free her with the signal being ".../---/..." (SOS), which she can read through her map. Parrot then informs Jumper that they're not going to leave anybody behind and guesses that the netherite block will open when they get to the control room and that she can swim up using the water above the cell, which Jumper forgot about. Parrot then wonders if he's trapped because the two sides have chunkbans on them before a guard arrives who slashes and poisons him, then backs him towards the blue cell as Jumper says the code aloud, to which Parrot tells her to shut up. The guard then leads him into a solitary confinement cell located between the blue and green cells. Parrot heals himself with watermelons, then confirms that the calibrated sculk sensor strength is 12, meaning he can't make any sound aside from eating, walking, and jumping. He then looks at the map where he sees someone write the following code: "..../---/-././-.--" (HONEY). Parrot then paces around singing "10,000 Bottles of Water on the Wall, then humming, then calling out to see if there was anybody outside his cell, then says that he feels so bad for Jumper, then staring at the lava, then spinning his compass. Eventually a guard opens his cell and splashes him with poison, who he repeatedly tells not to hit him, before leading him into the blue cell.

When Parrot arrives, the guard drops a rotten flesh for him, to which Parrot says, "Ok, bro, you're real funny." Parrot goes down to eat the rotten flesh, then meets with Derapchu. Parrot then asks Derapchu if he's been in the red cell recently, and Derapchu says yes. Parrot then asks how much honey he's seen there, and Derapchu answers that he hasn't seen any honey but has seen 20 hive trees. Parrot then asks Derapchu if he's seen Jumper, and Derapchu says he's only seen her once, which Parrot concludes means she's still in solitary. Derapchu then remarks that he hasn't been in solitary yet, and Parrot says that it's horrible and that it's exactly how Ken described it. Derapchu then expresses that he hates Ken and that he's been saying things such as, "I think we should stay in this prison; I think it's better for all of us; we're going to protect each other, etc." Parrot asked him why Ken would say that, and Derapchu said he didn't say why, just kept mumbling about how they should stay inside the prison. Parrot then pointed out how Ken said that he didn't mind the prison earlier, which Parrot and Derapchu disagree with. Derapchu and Parrot climb to build height, and Derapchu comments that the prison is pretty; Parrot asks if he would call it cozy, though, and Derapchu says no. Parrot the comments on how Ken is living inside his own creation. Parrot then says that they're very close to getting out of the prison. Derapchu was about to say something then fell down. Parrot says that the prison is not cozy, but it is peaceful, but that it's sad in there. Derapchu then says no mobs ever spawn, Parrot then says that they can only see each other for 1 hour every 6, misbehaving gets you in solitary confinement, and that it's actually a horrible way to live now that he thinks about it. Derapchu then comments that Ken is a weird guy for thinking it's cozy. Parrot and Derapchu go down, and Parrot promises that all 6 of them will get out. Parrot then tames a horse, which a guard kills before he is taken to the blue cell.

When Parrot arrives at the red cell, he tells the guard, "Have a great day, and thank you for killing my horse. I appreciate it." He then kills a chicken with a flint and steel and eats it. He then goes to the honey farm and sees all the prepared hives. He then meets up with Rek and shows him the glass they managed to brew with the sand they bought. Parrot makes some bottles and gathers honey but gets one from one without a campfire and gets chased around by some bees while he gathers honey. Rek deaggros the bees with a flower while saying, "Bees, I got a flowerrrr. Don't attack Parroooot; he's a bird. He's a flying thing just like you. You can relate on some level; don't sting him." Parrot asks Rek what he's been up to, and Rek answers he's just been getting food and iron. He then tells Rek that someone wrote "HONEY" in the green cell while he was in solitary. He then shows Rek the slimeball he got and tells him that he got it from a wandering trader. Parrot crafts a sticky piston. Rek comments that the guards are weird for just letting them do things and wonders if they're just so confident in the prison. He then says, to be fair, they're using a stasis to smuggle someone in. Parrot then mentions that a guard saw him writing Morse. Rek asks if their first priority is to meet up with Derapchu, Jumper, and Egg. Parrot says that Jumper is still in solitary and that their first priority would be getting the contraband 'cause they would be able to do so much more when they get it. Parrot comments he feels like Winnie the Pooh 'cause of how much honey he's been getting from the farms. Parrot tells Rek that Derapchu told him that Ken wanted to stay inside the prison. Rek becomes confused and asks him why; Parrot then says he's going to ask him the next time he sees him. Rek then rationalizes that there has to be a reason why he wants to stay. Rek asks Parrot what he's going to do when he gets out; Parrot answers that he's going to stare at the sky, look at nature, and appreciate nature. Parrot then asks Rek what he's going to do; Rek answers that he's going to hang out with some friends, fly around with an elytra, go to the Nether, do all the things he can't do, and go to a faraway place to speedrun the game. Parrot continues to gather honey until nighttime arrives. They then try to figure out how to do the clock for the stasis chamber. They move the chamber a few blocks underground so the guards can't see them while they figure things out. When day arrives, Parrot goes out so he can witness the moment all the bees pop out, then continues gathering honey. They then decide to test the stasis chamber, but both fail. Parrot sees a guard arriving and tells Rek to grab the stasis chamber. When the guard arrives, they TNT and set fire to the entire honey farm but miss 1 hive and 3 bees. When the guard leaves, Parrot tells Rek to give him the chamber parts. A guard then comes back and blows up the remaining hive. A guard arrives while Parrot is farming wheat and tramples one of the plots. On the way to the tunnel, Parrot asks if they want to talk about what the guards just did or if they want to be silent like always; unsurprisingly, it's the latter. While in the tunnel he asks the guard if they can have their bee hives back but is interrupted by Egg. Parrot tells Egg that Wemmbu came to visit them and that he wants Egg to swim up the moment the ancient debris opens up. Egg agrees and says, "Free eggchan," while the guard keeps punching Parrot to keep going. As they cross the threshold to the green cell, Parrot goes back and tells Egg that Wemmbu told him to tell Egg, "Keep pushing." The guard peels back to the cell and hits Parrot with a pickaxe to make him keep going until they arrive at the green cell.

When Parrot arrives at the green cell, he finds a new bridge and goes to meet up with Ken. Ken asks Parrot how his progress on the escape plan is, and Parrot gives him the chamber parts and asks him where he wants to build it and to build it quickly since they don't know when Wemmbu is coming. Ken suggests finding a cave below y0. Parrot asks if they need an anvil, and Ken confirms it and tells him that he almost has enough iron. While going down Parrot and Wifies' emerald mine, Parrot asks Ken if it's true what Derapchu said, that Ken would rather stay in the prison than escape it. Ken confirms it, saying that they have some good accommodations and that it's safe in the prison and that he's having fun. Parrot replies that it makes no sense; Ken asks what part of it, and Parrot asks how he can be happy in the prison. Ken asks if there's anything making Parrot unhappy; Parrot replies that he can't do anything, that he can't build anything without the possibility of it being destroyed. Parrot then tells Ken that the bee farm got destroyed, and Ken replies maybe it's because he was making bee hives; Parrot confirms, and Ken says, "Well, there's your problem." Ken digs into some sculk and asks if it's a good place, and Parrot confirms but then goes to get some coal. While going up, Ken says he has a better place but that he'll show it to Parrot when he comes back. Parrot goes to the new place Ken found and asks Ken if he's really happy in the prison, and Ken replies that he's fine. Parrot then asks Ken why he's helping them escape; Ken hesitates and says that it's fun and that he'll think about it. Ken then says that he handed him a bunch of honey and told him an escape plan and that he's not just gonna steal it from him. Ken then builds the chamber, and they get to testing it. Ken asks Parrot how many pearls he has, and Parrot says he only has 2. Ken then suggests Parrot use snowballs, but he doesn't have any, so they go up to get some. On the way up, Parrot suggests that Wifies can keep throwing snowballs until he finds the correct place, and then he can use a pearl, and Ken agrees it's a good idea. When they surface, Wifies asks if the green cell even has snow; they realize that it was the red cell that has it. Ken then suggests eggs, so they go to breed some chickens. While waiting for the chickens to breed, Parrot spots Wemmbu falling from the ceiling, and they head towards him. Parrot grabs the eggs while Ken leads Wemmbu to the chamber. Ken forgot where the mine was, but they managed to find it soon enough. They had a bit of trouble finding the chamber, and while looking for it, Parrot asks Wemmbu how much time he has left. Wemmbu answers he walked around for a bit, so a couple of minutes.

When they arrive, Wemmbu comments how he can see it's going to take some timing, and Parrot explains how it works while demonstrating using eggs since he brought 10 eggs and they only have 3 pearls. Parrot then tells Ken that the block the anvil is on should be made of honey. Wemmbu burns through all the 8 remaining eggs, the last one hatching a chicken, and 1 pearl. Parrot then explains where to aim, and Wemmbu tries again but fails. Parrot explains how to aim again in more detail while Ken comments that it's superstitious, but he should go for it. Wemmbu does go for it, and he finally gets it while Parrot celebrates. Parrot then asks Wemmbu what he's bringing in; Wemmbu replies that he's bringing everything. Ken takes out a TNT block, and Parrot asks what he's doing. Parrot then punches Ken, and Ken retracts the TNT. Parrot again asks what Wemmbu's bringing, and Wemmbu confirms he's bringing ender chests and shulkers full of gear that he had stashed thanks to a war. While Wemmbu lists specific items, Ken removes all the honey blocks in the stasis chamber. The chamber is still working with only the sticky piston left, so Parrot and Wifies just move on from it, but Parrot keeps an eye on Ken the whole time they discuss what items to bring. Ken then holds dirt while saying sorry, so Parrot punches him away from the chamber and blocks him off with birch wood. Ken then relays that he has conflicting feelings, and Wemmbu asks if they're doing a betrayal arc right now. Ken clarifies that he has no ill intentions and to stop. Ken promises he won't do anything, and Wemmbu tells Parrot to give him blocks. Parrot crafts birch planks and gives some to Wemmbu. Ken is then freed, and Parrot asks if he understands the alternative to breaking free, and Ken replies that it's fine and that it's a pleasant life. Parrot replies it's not, and Ken asks who's complaining but backpedals and says don't answer that. while Wemmbu says that they can escape while Ken can stay in the prison all by herself. Parrot says that this is their way out, and Ken retorts that it's not and that he doesn't know the prison like he does. Wemmbu asks Ken if he'd rather take this opportunity away from them. Parrot then argues that he doesn't care that there's only a 3% chance of them succeeding, that he'd rather die trying than get stuck in the prison being unable to do anything and getting put in solitary every time they break the rules. Ken retorts, Just don't break the rules. Ken then reveals he knows a better honey chamber design but figured if they messed up, they'd give up. Parrot then asks if he wasn't expecting them to make that 3rd pearl; Ken confirms that he didn't but that he was impressed. Parrot then asks Ken to be honest with them and asks if Ken has been sabotaging them; Ken denies. Parrot then asks why he sabotaged at the last moment, and Ken replies he's not praying for their downfall; Parrot retorts that he is, and Ken retorts that he just thinks they're being reckless. Parrot then says that Wemmbu is going to be bringing as much contraband as he can and coming back to get them out and what he's going to do about it. Ken asks Parrot if he remembered what he specifically said at the beginning, "Stay safe." Parrot asks what that means, and Wemmbu attacks Ken with a wooden sword but gets stasised away. Parrot then says that he's putting his life on the line, that he can't stop him, but he's asking him to think about what he's doing. That if he breaks the stasis, they'll be stuck in the prison forever, Ken says he doesn't want to. Ken asks Parrot to promise him that he knows what he's doing. Parrot says he'll promise to if he promises not to break the stasis, that it's their only way out, Ken says, "Fine."

As they leave the cave and Parrot asks Ken if he realizes he could've died there, Ken asks what he means, and Parrot says that Wemmbu tried to kill him. Ken silently says, "Yeah." Parrot tells Ken that he's pulling the stasis the moment he gets rotated in. Parrot then says that he doesn't have a deadset plan on how to get out. Ken asks Parrot to give him a step-by-step of Parrot's plan; he asks what Parrot is planning to do after they get the contraband. Parrot replies that they're going to go to everybody else's cell to distribute the contraband. Ken asks what they're going to do after that; Parrot replies they're going to have to figure it out, but that the point is that they don't have time because the guards know they're communicating. Ken asks Parrot if he thinks it's easy escaping prisons from the inside, that she's not trying to put herself on a pedestal, just that Parrot sounds naive. Parrot then says that hope keeps him going too, which Ken scoffs about. Parrot then asks Ken what he could be doing instead of being in the prison, that the prison is just a mirage and that's why they need to get out. Ken then agrees that he doesn't think about getting out; it's just that he tries not to. Parrot then says that he doesn't know if Ken was contemplating sabotaging 'cause he wants to stay, but that at some point they're gonna need him, that he's gonna need him to promise to help them 'cause they genuinely can't get out without him. Ken then says that whether or not he sabotages, which he wouldn't 'cause it's too late and it would be to his detriment, that he's always had their best interest in mind even if they disagreed, that he's on their side. Parrot asks what Ken thinks are the chances of them pulling the escape off; Ken answers that it depends on a lot. Parrot says that anything's possible if you put your mind to it; Ken retorts that it's really not. Ken says that he'll put his mind to it but that it's not an easy puzzle to solve because he doesn't know the guard's rotations. Parrot then spots a guard and starts talking about having an egg on a croissant for breakfast or possibly a smoked salmon on a bagel. He then asks the guard if they want a smoked salmon bagel while hitting them; the guard nods. Parrot remarks that even the guards and prisoners have some stuff in common. Parrot then jokes that this might be one of the last times they'll be seeing each other, which made the guard stare at him. Parrot backpedals by saying he's just kidding and that they'll be seeing each other every hour. Parrot looks for Egg while crossing the tunnel but finds the cell empty and open. The guard keeps hitting him to get him going, but Parrot goes inside the cell to check it out. When Parrot resurfaces, the guard splashes him with poison.

Parrot then heads to the blue cell and meets with Wifies. Parrot tells Wifies they need to talk about something important, leading him up the build height waterfall. Wifies says, Alright, no rush, but Parrot says that they don't. Parrot asks Wifies if he remembers the first time they went up there and how they didn't have anything except hope; Wifies says that they still have it; Parrot says they've always had it. Parrot tells Wifies the next time Parrot gets put in the green cell, they're breaking out; Wifies asks if the plan's ready, and Parrot confirms it. Parrot and Wifies go to the middle so nobody can hear them. Parrot tells Wifies about their plan, and Wifies asks Parrot how they're going to get to the command room, to which Parrot answers that they'll be using pearls. Wifies asks about Egg, and Parrot tells him that Egg wasn't there. Wifies wonders if the guards would filter Egg in with them. Wifies asks if they'd be doing this in rotations, and Parrot denies it, saying they'll be doing it all in one sweep. Wifey's remarks that they would only have one chance realistically, and if they fail, they'd be sent to solitary. Wifies asks Parrot if he wants better armor; Parrot says he's fine. Wifies asks Parrot if there's anything else he'd like to do before they get out, and Parrot asks what they haven't done yet, and Wifies lists out some possibilities, like building what they can with the 4 limited blocks they have. Parrot decides to lead Wifies into the wooden shack and places down a cobblestone in between them and gives Wifies 1 of the 2 remaining honey bottles he has, which they then drink together. Wifies comments, "Not bad, locally sourced!" and Parrot replies, "Exactly. Fine prison honey," and Wifies comments back, "That's about as fresh as it gets." Wifies asks how many cycles it's been since Wemmbu set his stasis, and Parrot tells him to shut up 'cause he saw a guard heading their way. Parrot tells Wifies that if they're coming for him, they'll be seeing each other very, very soon. Wifies replies he'll be waiting. The guard did go for Parrot, and he asks them where they put Egg and sees his former cell still empty.

Parrot arrives at the green cell and tells Rek that they're going to go activate the stasis. Rek asks if anybody saw, and Parrot replies he doesn't think so. On the way to the chamber they see Ken and meet up with him. Parrot questions why they put 3 people in a cell, and Rek tells him to just roll with it and that they'll use it to their advantage. Ken leads them to the mine, which was still exposed, but Ken figures it's fine. Parrot asks if they should do a victory speech, but Rek argues they don't have much time. Parrot then says they have an hour before they actually catch on to them. When they get in the chamber cave, Parrot says he doesn't know why there are 3 of them in a cell and how they ended up here; Ken asks if he can do the honors, and Parrot replies it's all hers. Ken deactivates the stasis, which teleports Wemmbu over. Wemmbu places an ender chest, and the three of them immediately start gearing themselves while Wemmbu asks if it's escaping time. In the commotion, Wemmbu wasn't heard, and he commented, "Okay, everyone is ignoring me." Parrot confirms that it was escaping time. Wemmbu comments he has shulkers for them, one of which contains nothing but copies of the guards' shields. Parrot tells them to bring 2 each. Wemmbu says that he has 10 shulkers of Ken's escape kits and asks if he wants one; Ken replies that he has his own. Parrot doesn't have a kit, so he asks Rek for one. Wemmbu asks Parrot where Egg is; Parrot tells him bad news that Egg wasn't in the same solitary chamber he was in before, which means he got transferred somewhere. Wemmbu says that he'll just go look for him then while they're gearing. Before leaving, Wemmbu gives them several eggs. Ken asks if they're ready, and Parrot confirms that he is; Rek also confirms he's ready but that he doesn't know what they're doing. Ken replies that's his problem. They have a bit of trouble getting out at first but manage it. Rek asks how they're getting past the chunk bans, and Parrot says he'll show Rek. Parrot comments on how good it feels to have the gear they have inside a prison, and Rek shares the same feeling, adding that the guards are about to regret putting them there. As they're getting out, Ken comments that he may know Parrot's plan. Parrot asks if they both have pearls and rockets, which they both confirm. He then tells them to follow him right before the chunkban and then explains his plan of flying to the other side as fast as they can in an upward direction, then pearling to the outside before dropping straight down. All three of them manage to get out, and then they head out to distribute the contraband.

They first head to the red cell where Derapchu and Wifies are. Rek asks Derapchu if he needed gear, and Derapchu says yes, so Rek gave him 2 shulkers. Parrot asks if Jumper is still in solitude, but nobody answers him. Rek asks if they're heading to the blue cell next, and Ken confirms it. Parrot then says that nobody is in blue since all 5 of them are there with only Jumper remaining, who's in solitary. Ken asks why they wouldn't want anyone in blue, and Parrot replies that he doesn't know and comments that it's really strange. Rek comments that it's all super sus. Wifies says that it doesn't matter, while Rek comments that they just need to keep moving. They then head to one of the platforms, and Parrot explains again how to go past the chunkban. They all manage to get out, and Parrot explains they need to go to the control room. Ken explains the layout of the control room. Parrot asks if it's just a lever to deactivate the chambers, and Ken confirms it but says that they have to make sure that they don't activate one of the force lockdowns. Parrot asks what the chances are that the guards are inside; Ken replies that it's guaranteed. Parrot then realizes that they can pretend to be the guards using invis. Rek brings out a shulker full of 3-min invis potions for them to use. Ken asks what their plan is and asks whether the guards would be invis as well or not. Parrot replies that they probably just stay invis. Ken then asks if the plan is to just flick the lever inconspicuously; Parrot replies they can try. Ken asks, What if it doesn't work, then what? Parrot replies, They'd be cooked. Wifies asks Ken if the lever is on or off to free them; Ken says there should be signs that indicate it. Ken then explains that the middle area filled with nothing but air is free of chunk bans. Derapchu remains in the blue cell to wait for Jumper while the rest head to one of the ice bridges. Parrot then tells them no talking and no elytra as they head towards the tower.

When they get inside one of the control rooms, Spongs greets them, but they remain silent but greet crouch him. Parrot goes up a floor and presses the buttons to open the chambers but gets interrupted by two of the guards who ask him if he's there to take over their shift. Parrot nods, then goes back to pressing the buttons. The guards then try to stop him, and then Parrot proceeds to break things. Parrot goes down several floors and flips the levers that open the chambers before checking the map to see if Jumper is out. The guards arrive and start attacking Parrot just as he announces that Jumper's out and asks for help. Rek then points out that he's invis, and Parrot realizes he can just blend in. The guards run out of invis as they're fighting, and Parrot asks what it's like to be a guard. Spongs replies that it's really sad and lonely and that he's glad they're there 'cause it's some excitement. Rejoicin asks why they want to escape; the prisoners laugh, baffled, and ask what he means by why they want to escape. Rejoicin(?) says they make it so nice for them, and Spongs exclaims they have it good there. Parrot then tells them all to head up top, where they continue fighting. Parrot then tells them to go down again, where they keep fighting. Due to the multiple invis players, there is a lot of confusion and hesitance on who to hit. Parrot sneaks out of the fight and heads outside and messages the others to go to the red cell. He then heads to the blue cell and sees Derapchu, who is AFK, then realizes he's in the wrong cell. He then heads to the red cell and sees Wifies, Ken, and Jumper and puts out an ender chest. Parrot asks where Rek is; Ken then tells Parrot how he hates his incompetence and recklessness. Ken tells them how he manually disabled the lockdowns just as Rek arrived. Parrot tells them the bad news that Derapchu is out of the question and that they should just build "this thing." Parrot asks if Jumper needs gear, and Jumper confirms it. Rek offers her a shulker of Ken's escape kit. Parrot asks Jumper if she has an elytra, and Jumper denies it. Parrot then asks the others if they have any, which they don't, with Rek having used his backups for decoration before they got imprisoned. Parrot then says that he'll double up with Jumper by dropping his elytra after throwing a pearl but then realizes he needs to stay behind to demonstrate to Jumper how to do it. Ken offers to do the doubling up instead and goes first in order to do it.

Eventually, they find that they have a total of two elytra between them, and they reach the place that would allow them to leave. After building the platform, they all take turns using the two elytra and dropping them. However, one elytra is caught in a chunk ban and the guards had caught up to them at that point. At last, it is down to Ken and Parrot. Ken insists that Parrot should have it, but Parrot tells him that he made a promise to get them all out. After a frantic back-and-forth argument, Parrot finally agrees reluctantly, and he leaves the prison, meeting up with the others in front of a 'WELCOME HOME' sign that they built out of obsidian. When the others ask, Parrot tells them that 'he is still trapped in there because... that's all he wanted'. After leaving the region of Proton, they mope around about Ken's fate, until Parrot suddenly realises that Ken would be able to send morse code to them. The message reaads 'EPSC base', which refers to a stasis he set in his base. The video ends as Parrot activates it.


I Built Minecraft's Safest Civilization

Parrot and Wifies traveled millions of blocks in the end dimension to make a civilization as they were tired of getting hunted and kidnapped by people. However they were being followed by an invisible person. Parrot and Wifies make a trap and pop the totem of the invisible person. The invisible person is revealed to be a player named Deanthebean9. Dean tells them that he's going to die if anyone finds out that he isn't invisible and Ashswagg is going to kill him. Wifies tells Dean not to come back and they won't tell anyone about him being visible, however, Parrot sees this as an opportunity to recruit their first member since Dean doesn't know where to go. Parrot and Wifies lead Dean to their first hut in the civilization. Dean tells them that if you kill a high ranking player in the Mafia you can leave and Dean wanted to get out of the Mafia as fast as possible and that was why he followed them. Wifies guesses that Dean's life was in danger because he threw an ender pearl and Dean confirms his statement. Parrot and Wifies goes to the overworld to recruit more members from Zam Empire but upon arrival they notice that Zam Empire was destroyed. As they realize that Zam Empire is abandoned they decide to take all the slime blocks and other redstone materials from the balloons to build flying machines. Parrot and Wifies find a village and transport them to the end where they meet Dean again. They transport the villagers to the outer end islands where their civilization is.

While transporting the villagers, they get attacked by The Mafia again. Parrot tells Dean to go invisible so that they don't find out that Dean is against them. After escaping Parrot and Wifies find their flying machines and villagers mostly intact, one of the flying machines aren't damaged and the villager is alive while the other one is completely damaged and the villager died. Parrot heads back to the civilization paranoid that The Mafia now has an idea of where it is located so he recruits more members. He arrives to Wemmbu's civilization and finds Horace Altman, Horace explains that he spent weeks building a civilization for Wemmbu and it got blown up. Parrot invites Horace to his civilization. Horace tells Parrot he will help expand the civilization along with this builders and promises it would last forever. Parrot also visits Kenadian at the chunk ban prison built by him and Zam Empire to invite him to the civilization. Parrot tells Kenadian to help transport villagers because last time they did so they were attacked by The Mafia. While Kenadian transports the villagers, Parrot finds an invisible player and distracts them by mining into the void and flying away without them realizing. After Parrot, Wifies and Kenadian transport the two villagers, they notice a huge island done by Horace. Parrot tells Horace to make the island 100 blocks lower. Parrot also makes 4 statis chambers,

Kenadian tells Parrot that stasis chambers are cross dimensional and Parrot gets worried about Dean. Parrot, Wifies and Kenadian make a plan on how to save Dean's life. Parrot goes to one of The Mafia's outposts and pops Dean's totem, Wifies distracts the invisible players and Kenadian pulls Dean's stasis chamber when Parrot tells him to do so. Dean tells Parrot his coordinates so that Parrot can fly to their outpost and he begins fighting them. He pops Dean's totem and right as Dean is about to get stasised into the void, Parrot spam messages Kenadian telling him to pull Dean's stasis. Parrot, Wifies and Kenadian celebrate Dean getting out of The Mafia. They plan on expanding the civilization however, Wifies and Kenadian log off so Parrot tells Dean to watch over his stasis chamber. Parrot goes to the overworld and breaks his bed that way he can go back to the end and arrive at spawn, however, he can't leave the end now. Parrot writes a book asking if anyone can sign up for his civilization and places it into a chest on a broken enderman farm and places a sign telling whoever reads it to go to the enderman farm. After Dean pulls Parrot's stasis chamber, Parrot tells Dean that he's about to log off but before this, Dean thanks Parrot for saving his life in the end.

The next morning, Parrot and Dean log on and fall down 100 blocks. It turns out Horace listened to his request. Parrot requests Horace to build a castle. Parrot and Dean fly to the main end island to see if anyone signed up for the civilization. They find out JumperWho, 4CVIT and Baablu signed up. They interview JumperWho first. Parrot invites JumperWho because he knows he can trust her because of everything they've been through, then he interviews 4CVIT. Parrot gets a bit worried because 4CVIT is wearing the Zam Empire shield however 4CVIT tells Perrot that he isn't part of Zam Empire anymore because they also chased him. 4CVIT tells Parrot that he needs more information about the civilization because he hasn't fully trusted Parrot yet and Parrot removes all of his armour and totem and tells 4C to kill him if he was sent by PrinceZam to kill him. He also makes a deal where if Parrot does invite him he will work on something else and they can ignore him. After 4C gets invited he flies away which makes Parrot a bit concerned. While Parrot interviews Baablu, Baablu tells Parrot that he can't go anywhere without it getting destroyed. Parrot invites Baablu to his civilization and tells him that there's nothing he can do to go back after he joins so he tells Baablu to get anything he still needs and asks Dean to lead him to the civilization. Parrot flies to the civilization and finds Wifies. Upon Dean and Baablu returning they warn Parrot and Wifies about invisible players 10 000 blocks away from the civilization. Parrot takes Wifies to the main end island and tells him that The Mafia tampered with spawn teleportation in the end. Wifies tests if the portal works for him and to his surprise, it does. After Parrot and Wifies return to the end civilization and the next day, Parrot and Dean find out the castle has been built along with a sign saying that they built outposts 1k-1.5k blocks away from the civilization.

Parrot and Dean fly back to the civilization and find Wifies, as they talk about the civilization they see an unexpected guest. Boosfer enters the civilization. Parrot tells Boosfer to leave but Boosfer does nothing but other Parrot about the civilization. Parrot tells Boosfer that his civilians will not be bribed by him but he tells Parrot how he found out the civilization's coordinates. Boosfer also tells Parrot he wants to become the king of the civilization. After Boosfer leaves, Parrot and Horace discuss on how they can make the civilization safer. Horace suggests that they could use chunk bans and Parrot agrees. Parrot visits Wifies in one of the outposts and Parrot writes a sign telling whoever sees the chunk ban prison to contact either him, Wifies or Dean to open the chunk ban. Upon flying back to the civilization they notice chunk bans all over the place. Horace turns off the chunk bans and Parrot and Wifies fly to the civilization. Dean returns telling them that he received a message from Dol9hin to deactivate the chunk bans. Parrot tells Dolphin to ender the island as he doesn't have much time to talk. Dolphin tells Parrot, Wifies and Dean that his friend What Max is also arriving to the civilization however Max asks Parrot if he is one of the 4 invisible guys jumping him. Parrot, Wifies and Dolphin fly to one of the towers. Parrot tells Max to follow him to an end city after they arrive to the outpost to fight the invisible players. Parrot's helmet breaks so he tells Wifies to take Dolphin and Max to the civilization while he flies away to distract the invisible players. Wifies tries to contact Parrot to help him and save him but Parrot couldn't respond since he was still getting jumped by members of The Mafia. Parrot runs out of fireworks and has to run from an invisible player. The invisible player gets distracted by endermen buying Parrot time to leave. Parrot tells WIfies his coordinates and Wifies gives Parrot rockets and invisibility.

After going back to the civilization, Parrot tells Dolphin and Max about the election for king and both Dolphin and Max tell Parrot that they will vote for him. Parrot, Wifies, Horace and Dean work on the civilization over the course of the next few hours and Parrot works on a garden before logging off. The next day, Parrot notices the castle's interior has been finished along with a village. Wifies tells Parrot that he noticed a crater while he was at recon with Dean. He leads Parrot to where the crater was. After this, Parrot tells Wifies he still needs to find a way to get back to the overworld and goes to the main end island until they find Boosfer. They talk about the elections and Parrot tells Boosfer that he's confident in winning the election due to his loyalty to the people there while Boosfer has 2 people working for him. Boosfer tells them that loyalty is a figment of your imagination and leaves.

Upon returning to the civilization, 4CVIT returns to the civilization impressed about how much has changed since he was last there. Parrot asks 4CVIT why he wasn't present in the civilization and 4CVIT tells Parrot that he was working on collecting resources for the civilization. 4CVIT also criticizes the civilization and said that it is going to be found and destroyed. 4CVIT tells Parrot that he needs to be in the civilization.

Parrot tells Wifies and Dean that there are new members in the civilization, Fantst and LettuceK. Fantst warns Parrot about some invisible players. Parrot and Wifies find Dean and tell him about the new features and members and lead Dean to the civilization. They spot invisible players presumably building a TNT cannon along with a red line. They turn back and see a gold trimmed player riding an A1C Bomber plane. They realize that there are three A1C bomber planes. One of them wen through their obsidian wall so they mined it. After destroying all three bomber planes they have a meeting about how they can make the civilization stronger. Parrot tells Horace to build a dome with water. 4CVIT tells Parrot he has to leave to check on something so Parrot sends him out and gets 4 people to make sure that nothing fishy is going on. Parrot also made sure of him being elected and everyone agreed to vote Parrot. After this Parrot and Wifies talked about what happened in the past day and Wifies tells Parrot that he should tell everyone about the portal. Parrot opens another meeting telling everyone about The Mafia tampering with the end portal. The people didn't mind getting trapped in the end as long as nothing happens to the civilization.

During the election day, Horace finishes building the orb so Parrot and Wifies place water all over the orb so that it can't get destroyed by TNT. Boosfer arrives with Kier and Dev. What Boosfer didn't know was that Parrot had already told everyone that they were stuck in the end and they were fine with it. During the election, Kier and Dev vote for Parrot and play dumb. Kier and Dev insist that they leave and Parrot agrees however, if they want to join his civilization he will let them. After winning the election, Parrot returns to his garden and finds Dean. Parrot tells Dean that he actually feels safe in the civilization now however, Dean warns Parrot about an invisible player in the town square. Parrot gets worried and flies searching for the player. He decides to check the chunk ban. Parrot asks Dean why he didn't say anything about it and Dean tells Parrot he was scared. The civilization has another meeting where Dean tells them that there was an invisible person hiding and everyone assembled to find the invisible player.

They notice their civilization getting attacked again as they spot A1C bombers flying again. While they try to destroy the A1C bombers, Horace tells Parrot to check the sewers which Parrot wasn't aware of. As they check the sewers they find a bunch of shulkers. Something ticks in Parrot's mind to check the chunk bans. He realizes that they were disabled and starts to panic. Before he realizes it, The Mafia attacks the civilization and there's a diamond trimmed player present in the attack. They focus on the diamond trimmed player until the diamond player starts macing them. Parrot tells them to retreat because it isn't worth dying to a diamond player like that. Parrot deactivates the chunk ban allowing the members of the civilization to flee. They head to one of the outposts. Parrot tells them that the empire isn't going to get blown up because if they wanted to blow it up they would've done it already so Parrot decides to destroy the civilization himself as he states that it shouldn't exist if he's not running it. Parrot tells 4CVIT about the civilization getting raided and 4CVIT shows Parrot what he's been working on the entire time. After Parrot tells 4C that he wants to destroy the empire, 4C gives Parrot, Wifies and Dean a bunch of TNT. As they head back to the civilization, Wifies notices that the dome is gone. As they place TNT around the entire castle, Parrot gets caught so Wifies distracts the invisible players. After Parrot ignites the TNT, he thinks about the old memories they had during their time leading the civilization.


How I Solved Minecraft's Largest Escape Room

The episode starts off with Wemmbu and PrinceZam locked inside of a large escape room created by ClownPierce. Inside of the small box they are in has an end portal with four eyes filled and a wind charge inside of an item frame. Wemmbu tries to use the wind charge to gain height and get out of the hole, but instead redstone goes off, and it dispenses a trapdoor. They use the trapdoor to go into crawl mode and escape the first room.

The second room has even more trapdoors, their plan was to use the trapdoors on the floor and stay in crawl mode to crawl out the wall again. The plan works and now they're onto the third puzzle. Because Wemmbu took so long, Zam said he could've solved it by himself. A flashback appears of the last episode, showing Zam attempting to kill Wemmbu inside of Proton.

The third room has hoppers that consists of a bunch of different items, there is also a dropdown to another room with pigs down below. They can't access the next room without an item to break their fall, so they look for anything to help progress. Wemmbu uses a snowball to get the raw iron that was placed in an item frame and smelts it. With the iron ingot and the rest of the items given, Wemmbu crafts a crossbow and has tipped weaving arrows. He uses the crossbow and kills a pig, which spawns a cobweb where it dies. They manage to get down safely.

The fourth room has a goat placed inside of a house. Zam finds a bucket inside of the house and milks the goat to get rid of the mining fatigue. They mine out the floor, as well as the autocrafter inside of the house. Copper is scattered all around in item frames and they craft it into a raw copper block. They try to use all the blocks they have to crawl into the hole in the middle, the path down to the fifth room. Eventually they find a way to get into crawl mode, the most important item being the pink concrete powder.

The fifth room is a small room, and another goat is with them. The room is also surrounded by a bigger sphere. Wemmbu builds up with the few blocks he has remaining, not enough to get out of the room, but enough to see into the hoppers outside of the room. Zam asks for the blocks and builds out since he had an autocrafter on him still. Wemmbu manages to put the concrete powder and iron door inside of a hopper, which lets Zam to access the next room. There is a dispenser underneath the floor, which allows Zam to give Wemmbu items from down under. He gives Wemmbu a leaping potion and the concrete. Wemmbu makes it out, but gets mining fatigue as soon as he reaches the top of the small room. He is unable to get the concrete powder back. Being softlocked, Wato, the creator of the escape room, comes to assist them. He shows Wemmbu the intended way to solve the room and stasises out. Wemmbu goes into crawl mode and goes to where Zam is. The next room is right below the dispenser, powdered snow is waiting for them beneath.

The sixth room is the biggest one so far, being a manmade Mesa biome, having access to powdered snow, an armadillo, and the first room to be able to freely break blocks without mining fatigue. They find rabbit hide, which makes them think they need leather boots for the powdered snow. While messing around, Wemmbu finds out they can very briefly jump on powdered snow before they start sinking, which leads them to attempt three consecutive parkour jumps to get to a hopper that was barely out of reach. The two take turns, running out of food in the process. After many attempts, Wemmbu finally makes the jump. They now have four rabbit hide and three leather, which is enough to make leather boots. They get lost and don't know where to build up until Zam notices a gold platform above. Wemmbu lets Zam go up first. Wemmbu messages Zam asking what's at the top, Zam goes quiet. Wato comes back, seeing that Wemmbu is stuck. They go through with the emergency exit, which is to use the armadillo to break through a wall near a patch of gold ore. Wato gives Wemmbu a milk bucket so he can break the lectern to get out.

Wemmbu gets out of the room and ends up on the outsides of the escape room. He takes potions from a random station that are located in specific areas. Wemmbu breaks into another room and uses the bucket Wato gave him to pick up water and swim out. Wemmbu tries to cheese the room, Wato hits Wemmbu with a sword, causing Wemmbu to give up the bucket. On a random armor stand has maxed out Netherite boots on them, Wemmbu takes them. A hopper right next to it contained some eyes of ender and a maxed out Netherite sword. Wato forces Wemmbu to do the rest of the room legitimately, which Wemmbu does.

After finishing the room that was broken into, Wemmbu obtains a wind charging potion. He finds a bunch of chickens stacked on top of each other, splashes them and kills them. This launches him into another room with a bunch of dispensers and flowing lava. Wemmbu breaks a bunch of things inside of the room and cheeses it by wind charging out. Wato doesn't like that and forces Wemmbu to solve it legitimately again. Wemmbu manages to figure it out, but with Wato's help.

The next step to progress is to build upwards using the sand blocks he has, held up by tripwire hooks and redstone torches. Wemmbu makes it and Wato leaves. Wato tells Wemmbu to tread carefully, since he's worried about Wemmbu falling for the same tricks. Wemmbu finally meets back up with Zam. In the time they were separated, Zam obtained a heavy core and a few enchanted books. Zam gives Wemmbu the heavy core and a enchanted book with wind burst on it, which Wemmbu crafts a mace and enchants. Wemmbu uses the mace on an armor stand, which allows both of them to gain enough height to get onto the next platform. This technique is used for the next few platforms until they make it to a room with brewing stands and magma cubes. They use the slime block to brew oozing potions, splashing them onto the magma cubes and turning them into slime, giving them over a stack of slime balls. Wemmbu crafts them into slime blocks, which gives them just enough blocks to get to the next platform.

Wemmbu maces up into a room once again, with an actual puzzle inside of the room. He uses a fishing rod to get Zam up with him. Wemmbu realizes that they need to use the resources inside of the room to reach the next platform. Zam suggests using the mace instead to gain more height and to reserve resources. Wemmbu maces Zam and rods Zam up and they do that multiple times until they make it up top. They get to the end of the platform, with nowhere else to go, they mace up one more time. On top of the box is a hole that leads to where they started. They drop down and fill the end portal. Once entering the End, ClownPierce congratulates them for escaping.

Clown demands for the mace back, but Wemmbu refuses to until Clown tells him where Eggchan is. Wemmbu whispers to Zam to give him the netherite armor and mace, Clown instructs Wato to respawn the Ender Dragon, but Wato flakes. Wemmbu tells Zam to go through the portal when he drops Clown. Zam makes it out and Clown respawns the dragon himself. Wemmbu and Clown begins to fight. Wemmbu's armor breaks and Wemmbu gives up the mace. Clown says he just gave up one of the last remaining maces on the server and that things are about to go down. Clown then flies off to the end islands. The episode ends with Wemmbu killing the dragon and going through the end portal.


I Survived Minecraft's Most Corrupt City

The video begins with Parrot, Wifies and Dean attempting to rob one of Reddoons' vaults in Capital City. They get caught by Reddoons and 5 invisible guards. Reddoons tells them to clear all their inventories or else they will all die so they proceed in clearing their inventories. Reddoons leads them to the top of his tower and makes them prove they don't have any items smuggled with them by using boats and tells them that if they want to get out, they would need to complete a quota of 10 000 diamond blocks. Reddoons leads them to the mining section of the city. Parrot uses his spyglass in front of Reddoons and he tells him to give him the spyglass or else he will double his quota. Parrot doesn't care about his quota being doubled as long as he keeps his spyglass. Reddoons says he will double the quota of everyone instead and because of Parrot's selflessness, he gives Reddoons the spyglass.

After the guards leave, Parrot, Wifies, and Dean try to escape by using boats but they get caught by the guards. Reddoons tells Parrot, Wifies and Dean that he will increase the quota to 10 000 diamond blocks per person because of them attempting to escape. Reddoons shows them a vault with tons of diamond blocks with a diamond trimmed Mafia member guarding the room. After getting dismissed, Parrot tries to leave again but Wifies tells him not to because he has to get his spyglass back.

Wifies gives Parrot a spare spyglass and they explore the mining city. They meet their fellow miners such as Ratrick, Pika and LuigiToan. They also meet their warden CoinMonke. Parrot goes mining with Luigi. While they were mining, Parrot finds an emerald and gives it to Luigi as a gift for teaching him about what life in Capital City is like.

During night time, CoinMonke orders everyone to pay him everything they mined. The best payment for the day was dizzyu as he mined 32 diamonds (3 diamond blocks and 5 diamonds). Parrot tells Luigi not to give away the emerald. After Parrot and Luigi show CoinMonke their payments and he gets disappointed especially at Luigi. The next day, as Luigi tries to guide Parrot more, they get interrupted by CoinMonke telling them to start mining. Without a choice they proceed in doing so. Luigi finds diamonds however he chooses to split the diamonds with Parrot and Dean. They show the diamonds to CoinMonke and CoinMonke is impressed but tells them to keep going. Parrot, Dean and Luigi consider entering CoinMonke's house. Luigi warns them not to but they do it anyways. They get caught by CoinMonke. Wifies gets concerned about what Parrot, Dean and Luigi had been up to and Parrot lies to him saying that he was "just mining".

During their conversation Parrot has an idea to break in to one of the vaults. Parrot asks his fellow miners how badly they want to escape Mining City until they get interrupted by Ratrick saying that he found something crazy in his house. Parrot, Wifies, Dean and Luigi get interested in what he was talking about however CoinMonke tells everyone to start mining again.

Parrot, Wifies, Dean meet Luigi and tell him that they are going to Capital City to break into their vault. Parrot asks Luigi if he can cover for them while breaking into one of their vaults. Luigi agrees as long as they tell him what's in the city. While exploring Capital City, they notice most of the buildings are empty. They enter an art museum but they exit because they don't find it interesting. Upon exiting, Dean points out how the building they had just entered is one of the only furnished buildings which makes Parrot realize that the furnished buildings may have vaults in them. They enter another furnished building which appears to be a library. Parrot notices that most of the walls are chiseled bookshelves while one of them are just regular bookshelves. Wifies also notices a chiseled bookshelf on the wall with normal bookshelves and as they pick up a book, a door opens. At first it doesn't appear to be a vault but after some digging they chests with diamond blocks in them. They steal all the diamonds that they can get and return to Mining City however, during their trip they see Invis Mafia members roaming around. After returning to Mining City, Luigi gets concerned about why they were late and he also splits the diamonds he got to pay the warden. After entering a mine, Parrot gives Luigi all the diamonds he stole and tells them to give them to Coin so that he can leave. Luigi refuses and tells them to give them anyone who has been in Mining City for longer than he has. Parrot gives PikaTM all the diamonds he stole and tells him to give them all to CoinMonke. During payment time, Pika gives CoinMonke all the diamond blocks Parrot, Wifies and Dean gives them. CoinMonke lets Pika out of Mining City.

The next day, Parrot asks Luigi to cover for them again as they would be robbing the vault again. As they enter the vault they steal as much diamonds they can get again. During the heist Dean gets stuck in pistons. As Parrot mines the pistons they realize that they have to fix the door before Reddoons finds out about the door. When they return to mining city it is night time. Parrot, Wifies and Dean notice Luigi is missing. After he finds Luigi they continue paying Coin what they got from mining. The next day Parrot asks the miners about their quotas and they give LettuceK, novagriddy, and Cristalit all the diamonds they stole. At night, they remunerate the diamonds and are free. CoinMonke gets baffled about how much people have been freed and confronts Parrot, Wifies and Dean.

The next day, LettuceK submits his diamonds to Coin. Coin gets confused again and Lettuce starts crafting diamond armour and he is freed from Mining City. The next day, everything is normal until Wifies notices a player flying and Coin getting nervous, they all eavesdrop in Reddoons and Coin's conversation. Reddoons points out the library vault was broken into. Coin tells Reddoons that four people have left because they met their quota. Reddoons gets furious and yells at Coin stating that people don't meet quota. Coin shows Reddoons the diamonds that they gave him and Reddoons tells him to investigate. Since Parrot stashed diamonds in a house he realizes that he has to check the houses for a stash of diamond blocks. Coin tells everyone that he is going to check all the houses for anything suspicious like contraband. Parrot finds the barrel where they stashed the diamonds and takes all the diamonds. Coin tells Parrot to tell him where Luigi's house is but Parrot refuses to do so. Coin checks a random house and finds an emerald which happens to be Luigi's emerald. He gives the emerald to Reddoons but Reddoons declines because he doesn't care about the emerald and starts yelling at Coin. Reddoons tells Coin that Ash is going to kill both of them and tells everyone including Coin to line up.

Reddoons confronts everyone about the stolen diamonds and tells them that if they come clean they get to leave. Lezy starts taunting Coin. Luigi captures Reddoons' interest only to ask for his emerald back. Reddoons tells everyone that he will double quota and will decrease Coin's payment. He later decides to triple the quota and increase the security. The next day, Parrot, Wifies and Dean decide to rob another vault however they find string which will trigger an alarm. They return to Mining City because they are unprepared. Since it was night, they decide to go to Coin to give them their diamonds but they notice that he is missing. They decide to look inside his house and look at all the chests there until Coin finds them in his house. He also notices a stack of diamonds missing which Dean stole.

The next morning, Parrot, Wifies and Dean break in to the vault again. They need wool so that they don't trigger the sculk sensors. They ask Luigi if he has wool but Luigi doesn't have any but he tells them that Ratrick, Puki and Finiahn can smuggle some. They pay them to smuggle some wool and some TNT minecarts. After they obtained the wool and TNT minecarts, Parrot decides to distract everyone by blowing up one of the towers in mining city and while everyone is investigating they rob the vault. Wifies sends Parrot and Dean the red string texture pack making it easier to locate the string. They successfully steal all the shulkers with diamonds alongside some of the diamonds in the chests.

Upon returning to Mining City, they talk about the diamonds they looted and although they were unaware, Reddoons was listening to their conversation. He confronts them about their plan and the diamonds and Parrot asks Reddoons where Coin is. Reddoons says that they will be dealing with him now because of how easy it is to take advantage of Coin. Reddoons reveals that he knew about the tripwire in the vaults and they actually activated one. They keep acting oblivious and because of this, Reddoons decides to fill their inventory with boats again. Parrot tells Dean to distract Reddoons while they put all their shulkers in pots. After the inventory checks, Reddoons finds out that they don't have anything suspicious in their inventory but Reddoons is still suspicious about them hiding the diamonds.

Parrot tells Ratrick and Finiahn to give him clay for 16 diamond blocks. and he tells everyone to turn the clay into bricks so that they can make replacement pots after they get shulkers from the pots and Parrot also admits that he stole from Reddoons' vaults. Parrot tells everyone to bury their shulkers because he can use it as leverage against Reddoons to free some people. The next morning, Parrot sees Reddoons and he immediately tells them to go to the tower. He once again confronts them about the diamonds they stole and brings up the pots but Parrot continues to act dumb. He tells them that if he doesn't return the diamonds, things are going to get much worse for them.

After Parrot, Wifies, Dean and Luigi return to Mining City they see a new structure. They check it out and it appears to be a roulette table. They try the roulette table and tell everyone else about it. CoinMonke returns however he tells them that there is now a maximum quota of 9 diamonds per day and he also explains how the roulette table works. Whoever has the lowest quota for the week has to gamble for their life. If it doesn't land on the colour they picked, they get executed. Coin also gives Luigi his emerald back because Reddoons said so.

After the end of the week Coin assembles everyone for the roulette game. Parrot and Dean had the lowest quota so they had to play the roulette game. Parrot loses therefore he has to get executed by Coin, Parrot tells Coin to kill him however, Coin says he can't kill him. Parrot talks to Coin about what happened. Coin said that he doesn't like killing. Parrot uses Coin defying Reddoons as leverage and get him to tell him how the vaults work. Coin tells him that one of the vaults have 3 codes.

Parrot, Wifies and Dean break in to that vault and find the codes in question. One had a lever where you have to click on the lever on the right, the other one had crafters where you had to figure out how much slots are required to open the door, and at last there were buttons. They had to get shulkers because they had none.

They returned to Mining City to get Coin to give them shulkers. Coin tells him that he has one last chance to do this because Reddoons is going to completely lock down his vaults. Parrot goes mining with Luigi and Parrot tells Luigi that he will do an attack on Capital City. Parrot asks Luigi what he would do after he leaves Mining City. Luigi said that he will go to a city in the Far Lands. The next day they find Reddoons flying into Mining City again to have another talk with Coin. Reddoons talks about how Coin is always a pushover and how he needs to actually kill someone. Coin goes to the roulette table and Reddoons tells Naparizel to go first. He wins therefore Reddoons doesn't get Coin kill him. Lezy interferes with Naparizel's turn so he's next. Parrot tries to stop Reddoons but he decides to pick Luigi instead. Luigi picks a colour but Reddoons denies both of his picks and tell him that he's choosing green despite there being no green on the roulette table. After this, Reddoons gets excited and tells Coin to kill Luigi and even encourages him to do it but Coin refuses. Reddoons gets fed up and kills Luigi himself and fires Coin.

Everyone stands there in shock of what just happened. Wifies tells Parrot that now everyone knows they can't just stand there and they have to try to leave. During Luigi's funeral, they plan on starting a revolution and attacking Capital City. Parrot and Wifies made a speech about how they can use the diamonds as leverage to get Reddoons to free everyone so they have to steal all of them and also fight off the Mafia members there. As they all gear up Parrot gives a final speech declaring war on Capital City. Parrot, Wifies and Dean set a stasis chamber that Coin should pull. They break in to the vault in the tower.

After breaking into the vault they see a bunch of empty chest minecarts. They kept cycling them until the minecarts had the diamonds inside them. However, they get caught by Reddoons. Reddoons tells them about the rest of Mining City being captured again. Parrot tells Reddoons that if anyone dies, the diamonds are gone. Reddoons takes them back to Mining City where Parrot finds everyone sitting there with no armour or tools in the roulette dome. Reddoons tries to convince Parrot to give him the diamonds and if he wins, he gets all his diamonds back and everyone stays in Mining City, but if he loses, he still gets the diamonds but everyone can leave. Reddoons choses to pick green instead of red or black and tells Parrot that if it lands on red or black he wins. After the roulette game, everyone gets freed, Reddoons gets his diamonds back and Parrot gives one final speech before everyone leaves. Reddoons shows Parrot that he actually won the roulette game and he let everyone out because that's what he wanted to do.

Reddoons tells Parrot, Wifies, and Dean to take off all their armour and he also gives Parrot his spyglass back before he takes them to Ash. Dean tries to walk away because he doesn't want to be around Ash anymore after he got freed from The Mafia however, Wifies tells Dean to stay because if they wanted to kill them, they would've done it already. Ash points out that Dean is afraid of him and uses this as an opportunity to invite them to The Mafia. He also lets them know that the roulette table was his idea. He then states that you can control someone if they fear something and starts making fun of Luigi's death alongside Reddoons before telling them that if they joined the Mafia they would be gold or even diamond players. He realizes that they won't join so he tries to force them and gives them invisibility pots and Parrot throws them. They tell Ash that they still wont join so he gets the invisible players standing behind him to kill him if they don't join in 10 seconds. Ash tells them that The Mafia is going to take over the server before CoinMonke pulls their stasis chambers. Coin tells them to get everything they could before The Mafia finds them. Parrot finds Luigi's emerald inside a chest in his house. He grabs the emerald before telling Wifies that he has to get out of Mining City.


I Got Hunted by the Minecraft Mafia

Spoke and Mapicc get found by the invisible players that were hunting them earlier. They get chased by the invisible players as they mine through the nether, Mapicc gets most of his armour broken by the invisible players and they almost die until MinuteTech shows up and starts killing them with a mace. Minute confronts them asking why they are fighting the invisible players and asks them how they even survived getting attacked. Minute further asks them why The Invisible Mafia was even attacking them. They don't know. They beg Minute to place an ender chest and they take resources. Minute asks them how many were there and they answer 50. Minute tells them to run. They dig up to the nether roof and run on the nether roof. Spoke asks Minute on how does he know about the Invis Mafia. They learn that Minute was actually apart of Ashswagg's Mafia. They learn about the Mafia's past that it didn't used to be so violent. But when Ashswagg came in power, he weaponized the members and made them set a stasis and thats when Minute left before he was forced to set a stasis. He had been on the run ever since. Mapicc suggests rolling up to Mafia City and killing Ashswagg. Minute says it is a miracle Mapicc isn't dead and it is a horrendous idea. Minute advises them to set up traps and normal PvP combat wouldn't cut it. Minute asks them if they have any friends and they answer they have TheRealSquiddo and Jepexx as friends but they don't fight, rendering them useless. They land at a remote location. Minute tells them he isn't looking for teammates but Spoke and Mapicc try to convince him on why they should team up. Minute thinks having teammates is a liability. Minute leaves and tells them he isn't looking for teammates. Mapicc tells Spoke to follow Minute and they invis and take off all their armor. They go through a portal. They follow Minute. They mine into Minute's stash. They are caught by Minute. Minute tries to kill them and Minute tells them reasons on why he shouldn't kill them. Spoke and Mapicc give them reasons like they're respectful, kind etc... but the convincing one was when Spoke threatened to dox the coordinates of the stash. Mapicc and Spoke tries to convince Minute to join their team. Minute ponders on whether he should move again. Minute gears them up with potions, golden apples, gear, bottles of enchanting, ender chests, enchanted golden apples and food. Spoke tells Minute to meet up at his hideout. Spoke says he has never been jumped in this hideout; and they even call Minute a friend but Minute doesn't see them as allies. They go to the nether roof and fly over there. They give Minute a tour of Spawn and Spoke's base. They come out but realise the front is blocked by obsidian so they try mining out but then they're attacked by 4 invisible players. They fight them. In the fight, Spoke keeps demanding Mapicc to mend his elytra and Mapicc gives him the bottles of enchanting but Spoke misses. Minute maces one of them and the other 3 flee. They shot a white firework signaling retreat. Minute leads them to one of his traps. Minute gives them a few fireworks as Spoke had ran out completely. The Invisible players reappear attacking Mapicc. This time, there's a Copper-Trimmed player too. Minute hits one of them into a head-hitter trap. The trimmed player escaped.

They thank Minute for helping them survive. Minute explains the trimmed player is a higher ranking player than the normal untrimmed foot soldier meaning Ashswagg is sending higher skilled players after them. Minute says he's down to team with them if they get better at surviving and PvP. They rejoice and says they could invite Jepexx. Minute asks who's Jepexx and they said they replied with the strongest player who formed the "Beacon Civilization" . Minute asks what happened to the The Ice Castle and they said it got Orbital Strike Cannon'ed. Minute says they have to recruit more players. Minute gives them 3 pairs of coordinates and a pair of leather boots for the meantime. Minute says he's going to dig-up some old contacts and advises them to do the same. Spoke and Mapicc says its wraps for Ashswagg when they find their contacts. They realise nearly everyone hates them as Ashswagg framed them for destroying all the farms. They realise Ash isn't going to stop until either Spoke gives Ash the exploits (Impossible), Mapicc is dead, or Spoke's armor breaks which is his last armor given by JamatoP his illegal armor. They realise Jepexx is not going to be at his home because thy orbital striked it, and his other base got blown up. They see an invisible player watching them from the distance. They start scheming a plan to kill the mafia member and they attack only to find out it was PlanetLord. Planet says he isn't apart of the mafia and is watching them. Planet explains that they (here Planet thinks its Spoke and Mapicc) blew up Planet's flower farm. Spoke and Mapicc says they couldn't have blown it up. Mapicc asks Spoke on whether to recruit PlanetLord. Spoke and Mapicc form a plan to recruit Planet. Spoke apologizes for destroying his vaults but they were duped items. Spoke requests Planet for help; and explains they're currently being attacked by "A" and Planet says is this A person evil. They said that A blew up the farm. They ask Planet to whether he wants to join their team and Planet agrees. They find a Curse of Binding book and they trade 12 emeralds and a book for a Curse of Binding book. They trick Planet into wearing a Curse of Binding turtle shell. Although it does look like he's wearing a swimming cap.

They decide they're going to recruit Squiddo next but before they could even get out, they're ambushed by a Diamond-Trimmed Player. The trimmed player shoots Planet with a spectral arrow making Planet glow. Hundreds of Mafia members storm and they start mining in an attempt to escape but they then try elytra'ing out but fail due to the lack of resources and they run of one of the coordinates Minute gave to them. Planet doesn't have a chestplate nor a helmet. They try going through a nether portal but the invis players break it before they could go through. Mapicc gave Planet his armour in an attempt to save Planet. They realise they're focusing Planet because he was shot by the trimmed player. They realise they have to walk another 1000 blocks. They make it to the trap and pull it causing only 1 to keep pursuit. Spoke tells them to try and find a water cave and escape. They'll meet up later. They hide in a lava pool but eventually are caught. Planet escapes but Mapicc and Spoke are unable to. They eventually escape and meet up inside a desert temple. They mine away in the nether, They meet up at Wemmbu's bunker. Spoke asks Planet if he still had connections with Roshambogames and Leow0ok but Planet replies with kinda. Spoke asks Planet if he has more connections as Spoke is hated by over half the server. Planet says he's going to recruit a surprise member and leaves. Spoke thinks are there any other players other than Squiddo? Spoke thinks the ParrotX2 group of Derapchu and JumperWho but immediately rejects it as they tried to kill Mapicc. Spoke also thinks about recruiting ManePear. He does a flashback on what happened in I Bankrupted Minecraft's Richest Civilization where they distracted Mane. Spoke lures Mane over to the Ice Castle. Spoke gives Mane a proposition to join their team. Mane asks Spoke on why he needs the team and Spoke replies with that he is currently getting hunted by thousands of invisible players and that's the reason why they need Mane's help. Mane thinks they're trolling and doesn't believe them. Spoke decides to show Mane what the invisible players did to his house and the battlefield. Spoke asks Mane if he believes them but Mane asks them if he could pot up and attack them. Mane distracts them and he pots up. They threaten to kill "Cedric" if Mane doesn't stop attacking them and Mane stops instantaneously begging them not to. But Mane then faked it out and he keeps attacking them. They banana-cart Mane popping one of his totems. They run away. Spoke tells Mapicc to meet up at the Squiddo portal with sheep. Mane breaks the portal before they could get through. They try again and this time they get through and escape.

They are then ambushed by a Diamond-Trimmed and a Gold-Trimmed Player. They head towards one of Minute's traps. They use the leather boots that Minute gave them to stand on the powdered snow while the trimmed players fell into the trap. They decide to go recruit Squiddo. Squiddo says Spoke and Mapicc blew up her farms but Spoke and Mapicc said they got framed by the mafia. Squiddo says she's going to think about it; while she's thinking, Spoke and Mapicc rummage through her barrels searching for valuables. Spoke says anytime they try to prove of the invisible player's existence, they don't show up. Spoke says Squiddo has to believe they didn't do it and if Squiddo wants to get revenge for the destruction of her farms, she has to join them. She says she doesn't trust them anymore. Spoke and Mapicc says to try thinking again and almost drowns her. She thinks they decimated her house and was not natural events. Spoke tries to persuade her again by telling her even though she isn't good at combat, but she's good at building. They're interrupted by the same diamond-trimmed player approaching them. Spoke says for Squiddo to elytra out but she doesn't have neither an elytra nor firework rockets so Mapicc gave his elytra and firework rockets to Squiddo. Squiddo shows up and drops a spare elytra for Mapicc. Spoke and Mapicc try engaging the diamond-trimmed player but he shoots a black firework rocket and they ran away. They decide they're going to meet up with Minute again. They decide they're going to send the coordinates to Planet and Squiddo and they're hoping Minute assembled a god team consisting of ClownPierce, FlameFrags and even convinced ManePear.

They decide to regear; while they're regearing, a Gold-Trimmed player ambushes them with a lot of wolves. They decide to run as more untrimmed players show up. They run towards a railway and run. Spoke and Mapicc run and dig into a wall but are caught by a gold-trimmed player. Spoke runs down into the cave but Mapicc is nowhere to be seen. Spoke meets Minute there. Minute asks Spoke on the fact that he recruited any players. Spoke says he recruited 2 players and Minute asks can they fight. Spoke says they can hit a Mafia player with a sword. Planet, Baconnwaffles0, and Squiddo were the new recruits. Spoke says they look better than they look. Spoke says they were looking for more players and not skill! Minute asks Bacon on how many fights he has been in and Bacon says "I've lost count". Spoke says Squiddo is an awesome builder and has lots of contacts. Squiddo says she's been fighting the great Spider war. Spoke asks Minute on the fact whether he has gear for them. They take Minute's gear. Minute leads Spoke to a person who might have information on Mapicc's whereabouts. Spoke reveals his plan on how to take down the mafia. Spoke reveals that Ashswagg was after him because of Spoke's knowledge of exploits. Spoke says they might have to use the exploits to beat the mafia. Minute says he's not an exploiter. They hear mining noises and Minute instructs them to crouch to hide their nametags. Bacon runs away. They find a untrimmed player that Minute ruthlessly murders. They try to stop Minute from killing him but eventually fail. Minute says they have to get out of there. Planet said Minute killed a little kid and that's mean. Minute says this is for their safety. Spoke says he mentioned the existence of an outpost. Spoke says he wants to show up at the front door as that's the most likely location of Mapicc's whereabouts. Spoke is convinced Mapicc is at the outpost. Spoke asked Squiddo if she ever built an outpost for Ash but Squiddo said no but Ash gave her a pair of coordinates a while back. Minute seems increasingly more concerned as that means she had worked with Ashswagg before. Minute says this is a trap. Spoke thinks they should go there. Eventually Spoke and Planet convince Minute that they should go there. Spoke asks if Squiddo has the coordinates on her but she doesn't so they go back to her castle. They notice a diamond-trimmed player and Minute says for them to run as they have a mace. They run before they even engage. Minute says there's multiple although Spoke so far, has only seen one-at-a-time. Spoke asks Minute to drop him fireworks due to his depleting resources. They fly over to Squiddo's castle. They notice an army on the ground that's firing on them and pursuing them. They fly over the remains of The Zam Empire. They leave while Minute and Spoke hold them off. Minute says Spoke should escape while he escapes. Spoke flies over the mafia's spawn prison. Spoke recircles over the remains of the Zam Empire. Spoke escapes by digging into the sandstone. Spoke messages Minute his coords and Minute regears him up.

They meet up with Planet and Squiddo at Squiddos' castle. The coordinates were not on a paper or book but instead it was attached to a ocelot. 49984.36, 63.49, 49962.91. Minute says that is a trap but they have no other choice. Minute says they have to spring the trap and have to persevere through it. Squiddo says she cannot follow them because she has to build for an anonymous person. Squiddo says they go investigate the coordinates and she'll go to her building operation and try to gain intel on the enemy. Minute asks Spoke to talk outside. Minute says he doesn't trust neither Planet nor Squiddo. Spoke says Planet is trustworthy and Squiddo is nice. Spoke says this is a trap but Squiddo is not in on it. Minute says whatever happens, don't do anything without telling him. Minute promises to get Mapicc back. Spoke takes some ender chests and totems from Squiddo in exchange for granite, andesite, and diorite. They travel 25,000 blocks to get there. Planet, Minute and Spoke decide to go to the coordinates which turned out to be a trap; Squiddo had betrayed. They got jumped by dozens diamond-trimmed players. Minute says for Spoke and Planet to escape while Minute fended them off. Due to this, Spoke and Planet escape. They realise they're the only ones left; Mapicc got captured; Minute probably got captured and Squiddo betrayed. Spoke also has no other options than to exploit. Spoke cannot give Ash the exploits because that'll end the server. Spoke also reveals that the exploits were bigger than duping. He also could've avoided this if Spoke didn't exploit in The Exploit Arc. They roam around the server. Planet thinks Spoke is the only one who knew about it but Spoke says there was another player who taught him the exploits but he also warned Spoke to not use the exploits. Planet says they need to stop Ash but they really have to plans.

Spoke decides to start exploiting again even though Minute was against it. He schemes on getting stacked totems, bedrock, command blocks, and duping enchanted golden apples to defeat the mafia. Planet reluctantly agrees even though it is against his morals. Spoke says they'll begin with duplicating enchanted golden apples. They fly past a wonder and he told Planet he used to exploit under the wonders. They go to JamatoP's base which is now blown up. Spoke watches his old video on how to duplicate. He tries it himself only to find out the exploit was patched. Ash shows up mocking them for just finding out the exploits don't work anymore. Ash says Jamato showed him every exploit to find out that every exploit had been patched. The exploits and Spoke's worth to Ash was gone. Ash calls Planet "a little cotton ball". Ash reveals that Minute had joined the Mafia. Minute says he couldn't win the fight and therefore he was forced to join the mafia. Ash instructs Minute to kill them. Minute goes invisible and equips a diamond-trimmed chestplate and starts attacking them. They escape. Spoke says he's going to go as far as he can and go to the Far Lands and go into exile just like Jamato. Planet says Spoke should try finding Jamato.

Spoke goes to a stronghold where he finds one of his stash of exploited mobs. There, he finds a mob with coordinates on it. He goes to the coordinates to find Jamato's second base. Although it was uninhabited, Spoke finds Jamato's will. He finds out Jamato is either dead or captured.


I Discovered a Minecraft Sky Civilization

The episode begins with Wemmbu emulating skyblock in Spawn until he saw 3 invisible players flying to Skyblock Civilization. Wemmbu begins exploring until he finds Pangi. Pangi tells Wemmbu that he has to take him to Jaron since they kill outsiders. Jaron tells Wemmbu that the civilization is supposed to be private and he's heard a few things about Wemmbu and also states that if he doesn't become a citizen they have to kill him. Wemmbu attempts to escape the civilization but gets caught by Straight. Straight tells him he will kill him if he leaves. He then takes Wemmbu to Jaron and tells promises that he will always watch him.

Pangi takes Wemmbu to the farms of the civilization and teaches him how to work on those farms and store them in storage rooms. Wemmbu and Pangi work on the farms while other civilians just watch. After a while Straight returns to check up on Wemmbu and tells him that he will be watching over him. Pangi tells Straight that Wemmbu was talking trash about him and that he can beat him in a fight. Wemmbu begins complaining to Straight that he's an incredibly skilled PvPer forcing him to do these tasks. Their argument comes to an end when Straight tells Wemmbu to 1v1 him. If Wemmbu wins, he can leave but if Straight wins, Wemmbu has to stop complaining about the city.

Wemmbu enters the colosseum where he would do a sumo duel with Straight. They both get their inventories cleared up and make it to the platform where they would begin their 1v1. Wemmbu attempts to combo Straight to the edge but Straight gains the upper hand and wins the 1v1.

Wemmbu and Wato have a conversation on how they ended up in Skyblock Civilization. Wemmbu explains that he followed 3 invisible players and didn't think he would get stuck against his will. Wato explains that he joined to hide from ClownPierce since he betrayed him by refusing to respawn the ender dragon after Wemmbu and PrinceZam solved the escape room. Wemmbu asks if Wato can leave in which he responds by saying that normal citizens like him can leave but they are in war time.

They head to Wato's secret home and Wato gives him a tour around his home. Wemmbu goes back to grinding materials until Pangi shows up again. Pangi tells Wemmbu he has to take a break and shows him his house. He shows him around his house and then shows him around his house. Wemmbu finds Pangi's basement which was in progress. Wemmbu and Wato throw a bunch of eggs to hatch chickens where they would then make noise to cover up villagers. Pangi returns and they continue working on their basement.

As they work on the basement, Straight returns and takes Wato to the castle to see Jaron. Wemmbu follows Wato and Straight secretly to eavesdrop in their conversation. They discuss about why Wato shouldn't do any meaningless tasks and instead do something impactful. Jaron tells Wato to go on a scouting mission to clear the airspace to prevent more people entering the civilization without any notice so they have likely left something behind. Wemmbu interrupts their conversation and states that they in fact did leave something behind and mentions what happened before he ended up in Skyblock Civilization. Wemmbu then tells them to take him to the mission with them so that he can show them the skyblock island at spawn.

They set their stasises for Wato to pull when they are done and pearl onto spawn. Wemmbu finds an ender chest and he gears up. He shows Straight and Jaron the skyblock island where he was playing skyblock on until three invisible players show up on the island. The iron trimmed player tells them that they are "investigating" the island. Wemmbu, Straight and Jaron pot up and begin attacking the invisible players. One of them dies from fall damage. During the fight, Straight kills the iron trim while the other no trim runs away. They return to the island and destroy it. Before Wato pulls the stasis, Wemmbu asks Jaron why the civilization doesn't have villagers; Jaron tells Wemmbu that they don't need villagers because they are only obtainable outside of skyblock. Jaron believes its fun without villagers and they don't need any. Wemmbu tells them that he wants to leave Skyblock Civilization and he has the items to leave; if Straight hunts him down he can just ruin the economy. Straight tells Wemmbu that he can kill him quickly. Wemmbu, realizing he has no other choice puts all his items into his ender chest but he smuggles 6 ender chests.

Wato pulls their stasis chambers and Wemmbu heads to Pangi's basement along with Wato to show him what he had smuggled but Straight follows them the entire time and watches them. Wato distracts Straight by telling him about the stasis chambers and the security of the Skyblock Civilization and he tells him to destroy the stasis chamber. Straight leaves to do so leaving Wemmbu and Wato alone. Wemmbu finally shows Wato the ender chests that he had smuggled on their mission; Wato is impressed and also warns Wemmbu about showcasing items that "aren't obtainable" in Skyblock Civilization.

Pangi enters Wemmbu's house and tries to take them to a drowned farm that he had been working on. Wemmbu and Wato try to reject the offer because they were worried that Straight will get mad; they then proceed because they feel bad for Pangi. Pangi gives them cobblestone slabs to fill up the top of the farm. As they finish, they continue hanging out with Pangi. Wemmbu and Wato have a discussion about the unobtainable items. Wemmbu tells Wato that he will spy on Jaron with invisibility. After their discussion, Wemmbu goes to visit Loppezz and her snow civilization. Wemmbu tells them that he will only join if they help him distract Jaron.

Wemmbu tries to break in to the castle only to find Straight. Straight interrogates Wemmbu about his motives for sneaking in. Wemmbu lies to him stating that he's helping Jaron integrate a new feature in the castle and Jaron doesn't want anyone else to know. Wemmbu tells Straight that he can ask Wato about it. After Straight leaves, Wemmbu warns Wato that Straight is going to interrogate him before breaking into the castle. Wemmbu uses invisibility while hiding on the ceiling of the meeting room. During meeting Jaron discusses about the invisible players and finding out where they reside by leaving one alive. Straight gets dismissed and Jaron begins placing shulkers, presumably the unobtainable items. Wemmbu leaves the castle and goes back to his house where he has another meeting with Wato.


The Search for Minecraft's Far Lands

The video begins with ParrotX2, Wifies and deanthebean9 hiding from The Invisible Mafia in a remote forest after escaping Capital City. The Mafia stops hunting them eventually. They planned on finding the far lands to recruit more people to fight The Mafia. While Parrot, Wifies and Dean explore a lush cave, Wifies gives Dean a goat horn and Parrot tells Dean that if they get jumped or if they are in any sort of danger, Dean has to blow the goat horn. They split off after that to get resources, however The Mafia found them. Dean blows his goat horn and they also hear explosions. They find Dean and they leave the cave.

They make a trip to Luigi's house. Parrot finds a book which happens to be Luigi's diary. They check the storage section of Luigi's house and find a lodestone compass which leads to the Far Lands City. They head to the nether after finding a ruined portal to get brewing materials since they found a fortress immediately after lighting the portal. The Mafia finds them and starts blowing up the fortress. They go to the overworld to escape them.

Parrot and Wifies loot up a jungle temple to get arrows and other loot from the jungle temple. They also loot up a desert temple and get a bunch of TNT. After a while they get attacked by singular Mafia member. Parrot uses the TNT he got from the desert to make a minecart trap. They pop the totem of the invisible player and they get stasised into the void. They realize this is exactly what almost happened to Dean. Parrot, Wifies and Dean go to a jungle and Parrot asks them if he can trust them. They both say yes.

They find a woodland mansion so they loot the woodland mansion to get totems. After each getting at least 1 totem, they leave the woodland mansion and enter an ancient city however, The Mafia found them again. Dean blows his goat horn and they start blowing up the ancient city, spawning a warden in the process. They managed to rescue Dean. They head to a village to trade with villagers for better gear then they leave the village. After a while they spot a massive obsidian border. They find a house next to the border and it turns out the house belongs to R4trick and Finiahn. They explain that the wall was made by The Mafia. Parrot tells them he's thinking of going across the border. They ride camels across the border and they notice strange things such as craters, trees without leaves, strange terrain, drained lakes, and more. Ratrick asks them why they want to go through Mafia territory and Parrot explains that it's to get to the Far Lands to avenge LuigiToan. They all continue exploring, telling jokes and telling stories. They also blow up an iron farm built by The Mafia however, The Mafia spots them and tries to kill them. Wifies gives Parrot his chestplate since they broke his chestplate and Parrot tries to hide from them in a jungle.

Parrot goes invisible and he chooses not to take his armour off because he thinks he has arrows all over him, however all of his armour pieces break. Wifies tells Parrot to take off his chestplate since there are no arrows on him and Parrot throws his chestplate away. Parrot tries to run away from The Mafia while being invisible. Parrot manages to lose them and Wifies finds him. Dean tells Parrot and Wifies that they stopped chasing him at one point.

They head out of Mafia territory and go to the nether to loot up a bastion.

After leaving the nether they find a trial chamber. They loot the trial chamber in peace until they get jumped by the Mafia in the trial chamber. They leave the trial chamber and start running from the invisible players. They escape in the nether because Wifies baits them by making another portal. Parrot has an argument with Wifies over Dean and Wifies tells Parrot that Dean is not going to die. They go back to the overworld to tame horses so that they can go to the nether roof and use the horses to go faster. They get jumped by The Mafia yet again in the nether roof. They head back to the overworld and find a remote jungle. Parrot goes on a mining trip to get materials until he overhears Wifies and Dean arguing. After eavesdropping, Parrot acts like he didn't hear anything. Wifies asks if they are going to keep going but Parrot tells them that they will if they tell him what's going on. Wifies and Parrot argue over Dean again until Dean tells them the truth.

Dean admits to Parrot that he's the reason why The Mafia found them all the time and that they have been taking advantage of him not being skilled and apologizes for it. Parrot gets upset at Dean and he walks away. Wifies follows Parrot and they discuss about how Dean had even leaked their location. Wifies implies that maybe they got Dean to shoot arrows when they weren't with them. Parrot considers asking Dean about the arrows but while he talks about doing so with Wifies, Dean puts the lodestone compass he had in a chest, blows the goat horn and runs away. Parrot and Wifies thinks he's in danger after he blows the goat horn and they look for Dean until they see the compass. Parrot feels bad and tries searching for Dean but Wifies tells Parrot not to because he's been long gone already.

Parrot and Wifies continue travelling without Dean, but things change as soon as they reach a village. Wifies tells Parrot to give him the compass so Parrot proceeds in doing so but in return, Wifies burns the compass. Parrot thinks it was a fake compass but Wifies tells him that it was the real one. Wifies tells Parrot he doesn't want to go to the Far Lands because he thinks Parrot will die. They have an argument about going to the Far Lands until Parrot walks away and throws his spyglass. Wifies apologizes to him in private messages but Parrot ignores him.

Parrot spends the rest of his journey on his own. He finds the farlands but not the Far Lands City. Parrot finishes reading Luigi's journal and tries to throws the emerald away but his allay keeps giving it back to him. He finds a player named Qu1nten. Parrot assumes Quinten is a part of the Far Lands because there would be no other reason why he would be out here. Parrot tells Quinten to lead him to the Far Lands city. Parrot tells him he needs to talk to Horace so Quinten leads him to Horace. Parrot warns Horace that The Mafia will find the Far Lands city and he talks about what The Mafia did to all of his friends starting with Luigi. He tells Horace that The Mafia killed LuigiToan, weaponized Dean's friendship thus making him run away and made Wifies burn the compass leading to the city because Wifies wanted survival over everything and finally tells him that The Mafia will find the place so they have to fight back and Horace is convinced.


I Infiltrated The Minecraft Mafia

The episode opens with SpokeIsHere and PlanetLord searching for the base of The Invisible Mafia using a mysterious compass left by JamatoP in his base. When the compass finally turned during the duo’s journey on their elytras, they discovered an ominous castle, finding members of the The Invisible Mafia within and leaving the castle. After burrowing into the fortress walls and ceiling, they spotted 3 invisible players, and took the chance to drop dripstone from the ceiling. The dripstone killed a member and popped another’s totem, which is then revealed to be the missing player Leow0ok. The third player then escaped from the scene by flying out of the castle from the ceiling. After Leow0ok’s invisibility was disabled, he burrowed into a nearby pillar, while Spoke and Planet landed down on the ground to investigate.

After searching around the pillar, Leow0ok then revealed himself to the duo, and explained that he was infiltrating the Mafia to kill ClownPierce. Before they could leave the castle, TNT minecarts were triggered to blow up, and the entire building was obliterated. After barely escaping the structure, a Golden Trim player then led Spoke, Planet and Leow0ok to the Mafia City, where they entered and blended in with the other members.

After a visit to a factory mass producing invisibility potions, Leow0ok then mentioned to Spoke and Planet to hold out a specific item to represent themselves, with Spoke holding out his Bucket of Salmon (later referred to as ‘Fish Bucket’ by Ashswagg) and Planet holding out a tipped arrow. The trio then gaslighted an untrimmed player, saying that Gold Trimmed players were requiring him to fly to a remote location (Coordinates: [x] -1500, [y], [z] 4000). After the player leaving, a Diamond Trimmed player was spotted up on a roof of a house, looking down at the trio, and soon disappearing after they had turned a corner.

The trio then made their way to the prison of Mafia City, hoping to find and rescue Mapicc. At the entrance of the prison, a Gold Trimmed player was standing guard, and after being refused entry to the prison, Planet then took out a golden chestplate, and was almost killed by the Gold Trimmed player. Suddenly, the Diamond Trimmed player appeared behind the trio, and had a long stand off with the Gold Trimmed player, resulting in the Gold player flying off. The trio then entered the prison, where they found multiple other prisoners like Lifesteal Admin, who then jumped into lava, and was banned off the server. After searching for a while, the trio then spotted the cell where Mapicc was held.

After some discussion, PlanetLord decided to give his Netherite Armour to Mapicc, and using invisibility to sneak out of the prison. The new trio (Spoke, Leow0ok and Mapicc) then left the prison, and made sure that PlanetLord was safe and out of Mafia City.

Leow0ok then explained how the Mafia ranking works, collecting ‘Upgrade Tokens’ by completing missions, and receiving trims (Trims includes: Copper, Iron, Gold, Diamond) for every three tokens they collect. The trio then flew to a manmade lake inside the Mafia City, where a Gold Trimmed player hands out missions (book and quill) to the members. Their first mission was to survive a raid with iron armour and tools, and after a somewhat struggling fight, they finally defeated the mobs and received a Upgrade Token.

After returning to Mafia City, the Diamond Trimmed player was again spotted overlooking the trio. They then hurried to receive their next mission from the Gold Trimmed Player at the lake, and the mission was revealed to be an assassination of ParrotX2. After following the Gold Trimmed player for a while, they spotted Parrot, Wifies and deanthebean9. A chase began, and it was revealed that Spoke and Mapicc were The Invisible Mafia members who chased Parrot in his adventure to the Far Lands.

After a long chase, they were unsuccessful at killing Parrot. The Gold Trimmed player quickly gave the Upgrade Tokens to Spoke and Mapicc, and was panicking. After a while, Ashswagg showed up and killed the Golden Trim player for failure at the task. Spoke and Mapicc quickly sneaked away after seeing the punishment of their ‘leader’.

They run away. They are then tasked with guarding a vault. ManePear and Wemmbu start trying to break into the vault and succeed.

The team is now tasked to get diamonds. Leow0ok (Sword) helps them cheat by giving them some of his wealth, being lots of diamond blocks. The gold player, after seeing the results, tells them to wait there and flies away. Ashswagg soon shows up. He promotes them to copper tier. They are then tasked with killing Baconnwaffles0 for a mission. Bacon says they are betraying the mafia in chat, so they destroy his base. They go over to Reddoons at Capital City to complete a trade.

The team is given the task of getting an elytra. Spoke asks Wemmbu if he can give him any elytra since Wemmbu took all the elytras near and far out into the End. Wemmbu sais he gave them to PrinceZam. They are able to find nine elytra in the Zam empire. Wemmbu finds a mafia member following them and starts killing them, but realizes it's eggchan after he pops his totem.

They are promoted to iron after giving ashswagg the elytras. They are then tasked with building redstone machines. They sabotage the other mafia member's plots and win.

They are tasked with killing PlanetLord, but don't kill him. Ashswagg talks to them. He orders ClownPierce to kill the members one by one until whoever let PlanetLord go steps up. Spoke (As Fish Bucket) steps up and says he did it once Mapicc was about to be killed next. They are dismissed.

Spoke is tasked with killing IMajesticRose by Ashswagg to prove that he can kill. He obliges and kills her with dripstone to avoid his name showing in chat. Ashswagg tells Spoke that to become a diamond player, he will have to fight a diamond player that ashswagg assigns to him. In a sentimental place of the diamond player’s choice. He would have to kill the diamond player alone, or the diamond player would kill him. His name would have to pop up in chat.

Spoke runs away after that back to his house, and starts cleaning it from past griefers, not knowing what to do about his name popping up in chat if he kills the diamond player, or if he can even survive. Mapicc Leo, and Planet soon arrive and they start talking and supporting Spoke. Him and the team come up with a plan to kill Ashswagg. He goes back to Ashswagg’s castle and gives Ash a book and quill. Ash gives Spoke another book and quill to where they would fight. He fights a diamond player to try to become diamond. Spoke’s totem of undying is used, revealing to ashswagg that he is Spoke. Ashswagg tries to teleport Spoke in the void, but then realizes that he did not set a stasis, so he couldn’t. He throws his fishing rod on the ground seeing that it’s useless in this scenario. They talk for a bit then Ashswagg orders the diamond player to kill them. The diamond player pots strength and tries to kill Ashswagg. The rest join in. But before they could get a second hit on him, he teleports away using a stasis chamber. The diamond player reveals he's MinuteTech. MinuteTech tells them to run. They fly away.

They land nearby later and start talking. Leo gives Spoke Ashswagg’s fishing rod. Spoke realizes that it was a Unbreaking 1 fishing rod that whole time. They talk more.


I Mastered Minecraft Combat

While being shown around his treehouse, Wemmbu asks ManePear if he can be taught how to fight. Mane replies by saying that everyone wants to learn how to fight, but not all are willing to put in the effort, and if he were to train Wemmbu, there would still be nothing that would make him stand out. Mane walks him outside, but Wemmbu, willing to prove himself, attempts and fails to mace him twice. Now realizing that mafia members could kill Wemmbu and take the weapon, Mane agrees to train him, though on one condition: he takes the mace until the training is complete.

Wemmbu builds a PvP kit. The two travel to a mafia outpost and grief it, killing one player in the process. They later spar on a playing field, where Wemmbu learns more about what he needs to improve on. He makes another kit under the instruction to “make an ideal [one].” Then, he is told about the mafia rankings, and invited to eat dinner with Mane. Over the meal, Mane says that the outpost they raided was an untrimmed base, and that there is a gold-trimmed one in a nearby mesa. Here, Wemmbu kills an iron-trimmed player, and Mane kills a gold, iron, and untrimmed player with the mace. They loot the building only to be chased out by multiple gold-trimmed players, as well as one diamond-trimmed.

Back at Mane’s treehouse and using his materials, Wemmbu creates many restock boxes, and stores them in his enderchest. Mane pretends to be a mafia member to test his reflexes. They spar again, and Wemmbu is taught to play dirty and without honor. In dutiful response, Wemmbu begins the fight without letting him finish. During that night’s dinner, Mane suggests he fight against gold-trimmed players to more efficiently improve his capabilities. They discuss the differences in what (battle) items each rank holds. Understanding that gold-trimmed players would need shoulder boxes to restock, Wemmbu brings up the idea of camping out at a shulker farm, to which Mane says it would be unlikely since it’s not the players themselves who would be farming, but it was possible. Wemmbu sets out to do this and returns with the chestplate of three gold-trimmed players he killed. Mane is impressed, though he argues against Wemmbu’s idea to track down a diamond-trimmed player because, as illustrated by his words, “they use enchanted golden apples as regular golden apples.” They then discuss fighting styles and the fact that Wemmbu doesn’t have one. Mane heavily suggests he do. While going over the psychology of battle, Wemmbu attacks him. After almost getting popped, the video cuts back to a continuation of the psychology conversation where Mane is being annoyingly vague about how to go about making progress. Before Wemmbu leaves, however, he is told to offhand his totem. Mane attempts to mace him, but fails. He succeeds the second time.

While flying with no set destination, Wemmbu encounters a hollowed out ice mountain and discovers that the hidden civilization belongs to Arcn and Loppezz. Angry at his presence, they kick him out. Wemmbu then travels to spawn, where he strikes a deal with Spoke—offering the location of elytras if Spoke tells him where he can find a diamond-trimmed player. They travel to the old PrinceZam Empire and loot it, eventually finding multiple in a chest underneath a pile of valuable blocks. When Wemmbu asks for the location, Spoke admits he doesn’t know where a specific player is, only the base where they reside. Shortly after, Wemmbu notices an invisible player and pops their totem, only to find that it’s eggchan, who has joined the mafia. Spoke leaves.

Egg explains that his duration in the mafia was boring, spending most of his time AFK at farms. He only came to Zam’s empire for a solo mission and thus is not able to give Wemmbu the coordinates to Mafia City as he states the only way he knows where it is in the first place was by following other players. Wemmbu takes Egg back to Mane’s treehouse, where Mane becomes upset by Egg’s arrival because he doesn’t want visitors. It’s implied that they know each other. Mane eventually relents and agrees to help Egg learn how to fight, though humiliates him by attacking and winning without any armor. He later says Egg can stay only if he builds farms and other useful things.

The next day, Wemmbu and Egg return to the hidden ice civilization in hopes of gaining their trust to lure a diamond-trimmed player in and kill him. Egg is not happy about the concept of betrayal, but agrees to the term, conseting half heartedly to his name being used as a sign of honor. When gold-trimmed players eventually come and take the citizens hostage, Wemmbu challenges the diamond-trimmed player to a fair one-on-one duel with no restocks. The terms are agreed upon, but then Wemmbu restocks anyway, and the diamond-trimmed player calls for backup. In the end, they draw as Wemmbu escapes. Egg tells him that he can’t work alone, and needs the help of others. They return to the treehouse, where Wemmbu tells Mane he popped a diamond-trimmed player. In response, Mane returns the mace, and asks to return to the ice civilization because he has something to do or discuss with said player. He tells Wemmbu and Egg to stay close when they spot the diamond-trimmed player flying out, but Wemmbu, convinced by Egg, stays behind to defend the civilization. After the mafia leaves, Egg and Wemmbu track Mane down, where they find him with the diamond-trimmed player. However upon arrival, the diamond-trimmed player flees, annoying Mane and making him upset at the two for ruining his plan. He later apologizes.

Wemmbu practices with the mace and becomes proficient with it, consistently popping Egg’s totems, however is told to properly enchant it with Wind Burst 1 (rather than 3). So he returns to spawn, where he gets playfully attacked by Spoke, who rants about annoying missions he’s been sent on by the mafia. Wemmbu tells Spoke he no longer cares about the coordinates for the mafia base on one condition: he gives Wemmbu a book for Wind Burst instead. The deal is made and Wemmbu returns to the treehouse, where Mane begs him for the mace. Confused and suspicious, Wemmbu refuses, while also inquiring about Egg’s whereabouts—a question that also goes unanswered. Mane, irritated by Wemmbu’s defiance, accuses him of never listening to instructions, which is “the reason why [he] isn’t improving.” In response, Wemmbu snaps at Mane and says he’ll fix whatever was currently happening himself, and travels to a field where Egg is being held hostage by FlameFrags, who says that Wemmbu has two choices: he hands over the mace or Egg dies. Wemmbu puts up a good fight and pops his totem, though is forced to give up his weapon in the end.

He and Egg return to the treehouse. Mane doesn’t reply when Wemmbu calls out for him, but as Wemmbu flies around, searching for any trace, he finds a sign that says “lost cause.” He breaks it and returns to Egg, avoiding the question posed to him about Mane’s location by replying that he doesnt think he’s coming back.


Unstable SMP: The First War

The video begins in The Mafia invading most of the Farmers District and killing most of it's members.

Horace splits the civilization into 3 factions. The Farmers District, the Warriors District and the Builders District. The Farmers supplies everyone with resources, the Warriors are the fighters and the Builders are the humble ones. Parrot wants to become a warrior because he wants to avenge LuigiToan. To determine Parrot's faction he has to go through a test. How the test works is that you have to use ~5 items to kill a wither. Parrot uses chickens, an instant damage potion, a wind charging potion and a mace. After completing the test, Horace tells Parrot that a warrior would usually kill the wither normally, a builder would wait until it's gone and a farmer would trap it or use some strategy but Parrot didn't do any of that which shocked him. Horace and CoinMonke tell Parrot that he is both but he also tells him that there's a conflict between the Warriors and Farmers, therefore he won't make a fourth faction for Parrot because the Warriors and Farmers wouldn't like that. Parrot chooses to join the Warriors.

Parrot talks to two of the council members, Lamibee and Dimofyy about The Mafia but they tell him that he has to go on his first mission in half an hour. Parrot flies next to the statue which is where he meets TheobaldTheBird. Theo tells Parrot that he regrets joining the Warriors because he was on a mission where he had to collect resources even though that's the Farmers' job. Parrot asks Theo if he joined the Warriors to fight The Mafia but to his surprise, Theo doesn't know what the Mafia is. Parrot asks Theo why he even joined in the first place if he isn't fighting The Mafia. Theo tells him it's to prove that he's the best.

Dimofyy announces to his squad that they are going to destroy one of The Mafia's outposts and loot anything valuable. As they enter the outpost they spot 2 invisible players. They jump the invisible players but they flee. Dimofyy gets disappointed at them and tells them that they have to train more. Parrot asks if he has TNT and Dimofyy pulls out a shulker full of TNT. They blow up the outpost and Parrot notices an obsidian tunnel. As they walk through the tunnel, the lights inside turn off and they get mining fatigue. They see a diamond player who jumps them and the diamond player kills Dimofyy. Parrot lights a portal and they escape through the nether. Lezy finds Parrot and tells him that everyone wanted Dimofyy to die because he was annoying and thought so highly of himself.

Parrot and the rest of the squad head back to the Far Lands city to talk to the Warriors Council about Dimofyy's death and how they managed to escape. The leader Purpled starts calling Parrot a farmer for escaping the way a farmer would. Purpled makes an announcement that Dimofyy is dead so he will be opening a new spot in the council. He tells everyone that if they want to become a council, they have to pop his totem in a 1v1 and he will duel them in 30 minutes. Parrot is the only person who arrives within 30 minutes so Purpled gives him the shield until Theo enters. Parrot removes his shield as he now has to duel Purpled to get it. Before Parrot duels Purpled, Naparizel explains the rules to him. Parrot loses the duel and Theo steps in and wins the duel using TNT minecarts therefore earning a spot in the Warriors Council.

Parrot starts checking the city out until Wifies appears out of nowhere. Parrot walks away but Wifies follows him because he wants to apologize to Parrot. Parrot tells Wifies that he doesn't want to talk to him and he flies away to go for another mission. Theo and his squad fly to Zam Empire to set up mines to disrupt whatever they are planning. They head to a different location since there's no activity where they were currently at until they get jumped by a few Mafia members. Theo kills all of the Mafia members that were jumping them and they continue building mines. Purpled gets impressed by Theo killing 11 Mafia members. Theo tells Purpled that there's no point in sending them on random missions because they could end The Mafia if they actually tried to kill them instead of putting members on pointless missions. Parrot agrees with Theo and Purpled decides to put them on a harder mission and he also warns them that the last time people were put on this mission all 4 members died.

Parrot decides to check out the Farming District and sees a familiar face. Kenadian. Kenadian tells him that he's the leader of the Farming District and also assumes that Parrot wants to join the Farmers because of Wifies also being part of the Farming District. Parrot tells Kenadian that he's in the warriors already and asks why the place looks abandoned. Kenadian doesn't want to tell Parrot why because he's a Warrior. Parrot tells Kenadian that he's both a Warrior and a Farmer and Kenadian sends him to the Farmer's council room. Kenadian, Wato and Wifies discuss about Parrot being both a Warrior and a Farmer. Kenadian tells Parrot that after he left Parrot's End Civilization, he joined Horace's Far Lands civilization and became the first farmer. He explains that the Warriors were supposed to protect the Farmers and the Farmers are supposed to provide them resources to protect them and he built the Farming District several million blocks away from the farlands and he thought the Warriors would help protect them, however Kenadian had 3 days notice that The Mafia is about to attack them. He tried to contact the Warriors but none of them responded and The Mafia destroyed the Farming District and killed about 70-80% of the Farming District. After this, they stopped giving them resources.

Parrot tells them that they have to put it aside and that he will try to fix everything. All 3 of the Farmers don't believe Parrot and he gets pissed when Wifies starts talking and he claims that Wifies is only in the Far Lands to sabotage Parrot. Wifies denies that statement and tells him that if he was trying to sabotage him he would be doing that. Parrot states that the war is unwinnable if they don't put their differences aside.

The Warriors play a game of capture the flag to train. Parrot doesn't have a team so he teams up with all the farmers including Wifies. Since the teams were outnumbered meta64 joins Parrot's team. They place their banner/flag behind a tree and put bone meal on grass so it's not that easy to find. They then light a portal to the nether and splash each other with invisibility. After returning to the overworld they burn the forest to distract the Warriors while Parrot uses a chicken blaster made by Wifies. He splashes himself with invisibility and slow falling and launches himself using the chicken blasters and he steals the Warriors' flag and places it next to their flag and wins. The Warriors get embarrassed by how they lost.

Wifies apologizes to Parrot again and tells Parrot that he wants to help him. Parrot tells Wifies that he wants to be a part of the Warriors council but in order to do that he has to beat one of the members in a 1v1 but since he believes there are no strategies he doesn't know how he could win and also tells him that he's going on a mission and the last time a squad went on this mission, they didn't make it out alive. Wifies tries to provide Parrot with help but Parrot denies it and walks away. After a few days of practicing archery to use debuff arrows against The Mafia, he asks Wifies for help for using static targets. Wifies suggests doing a mini bow duel with the debuffs. Parrot loses at first but after a few rounds he finally wins a round against Wifies. He starts consistently winning every bow duel against Wifies. After this, Parrot practices switching arrows and targets with Wifies. The final phase of practicing is another duel where Wifies uses melee to attack Parrot while Parrot uses only a bow and the arrows. Parrot wins the duel.

Parrot and Wifies have a conversation about fighting in the war. Wifies tells Parrot that if he's going to fight in the war, he will too. Wifies also gives Parrot back his spyglass that he dropped in their argument during their journey to the Far Lands as a promise that Parrot won't die. Parrot wonders what Dean is into and he considers checking up on him to say goodbye. Parrot goes back to the jungle where he last saw Dean. He notices a trail of netherrack and he follows the trail which leads to a dark oak forest with a shack. Parrot calls out Dean and he responds. He finds Dean fishing. Dean tells Parrot that he made the trail so that someone could find him. Parrot tells Dean about the mission he's about to go to and says goodbye to him just in case he doesn't make it out alive. Dean gives Parrot a tour of his house and also blows the goat horn again because he doesn't care about The Mafia finding him. Dean asks Parrot if he can come with him but Parrot tells Dean that he wont because he doesn't trust him. Dean apologizes and tells Parrot he will do anything to get him to trust him again. Parrot tells Dean to stay until he wins the war. Dean asks Parrot if he could tell him when he finally trusts him again. Parrot tells Dean he will and returns to the Far Lands.

Theo leads all of them to Mafia City. His plan was to take out a diamond player after going up through all their stages. They search all the diamond players' castles but they don't see anyone. They continue exploring until Parrot notices a diamond player. The diamond player tries to kill the entire squad. Theo tells all of them to leave him with the diamond player however, a gold player and another diamond player tries to kill them. Parrot uses the debuff arrows against the diamond player that he practiced with Wifies. The diamond player pops Parrot's totem multiple times. Theo and the squad retreat. As they leave Mafia City the diamond players follow them. Parrot tells them to go back to Mafia City while being invisible to disguise as a no-trimmed member and the diamond players will lose them. They all proceed in doing so and they lose the diamond player. After reuniting with Theo, they return to the Far Lands. Purpled gets disappointed when he finds out they didn't kill the diamond player but he gives them all diamond silence trimmed boots. Theo explains that if it weren't for Parrot they would've all died. Parrot tells Purpled that they have to fight against The Mafia strategically if they want to win. Purpled tells Parrot that he makes the decisions along with the rest of the council. Parrot says he wants to join the council. Purpled tells him that he has to 1v1 a council member. Parrot chooses DumbIsDumb. Purpled tells him that Dumb is one of if not the most skilled fighter in the Warriors Council. Parrot changes his mind but it's already too late.

Parrot returns to the Farming District to ask Wifies for help again. Parrot explains to Wifies what happened and why he needs Wifies' help. Parrot suggest they make something above them since they normally wouldn't look above them. They head above the colosseum where they build an ice platform. They finish building the ice platform and Wifies tells Parrot he will break the ice from above while he's fighting Dumb. The fight begins and Parrot tells Wifies to break the ice now that they're fighting. As the water starts flooding the arena, Parrot uses it to his advantage, he uses his tridents to hit Dumb while he's completely unprepared. Parrot breaks Dumb's helmet and later breaks his boots. Parrot pops Dumb's totem and Dumb gives his shield. Parrot shows the council shield to Wifies.

Parrot's first council meeting begins. Parrot begins talking about how the missions are pointless and they have to actually do something impactful against The Mafia. Purpled tells Parrot that he doesn't think they can defeat The Mafia due to the fact that The Mafia outnumbers them, so he's putting members of the Warriors on little missions to give them false hope. Theo agrees with Parrot saying that they need to do something that will actually impact The Mafia. Parrot suggests that they unite all the factions. Purpled disagrees because he doesn't want anything to do with the farmers. The argument continues until Purpled walks away. Upon returning, Purpled tells them that a builder was spotted by a Mafia member and they have to deal with the Mafia member. Purpled tells Parrot to get people since he doesn't have a squad so Parrot makes a squad with the Farmers. They head to the nether roof and split up to find the Mafia member.

They eventually find the Mafia member and it appears to be a gold trimmed player. They jump the gold trimmed player but the gold trimmed player escapes using chorus fruit. Kenadian provides them with chorus fruit and they eat it to leave the nether roof, however by that point the gold player has been long gone. Parrot suggests they go to Mafia City because that's where the gold player could be heading, disguise as diamond players and try to catch him. Upon arriving close to Mafia City, Parrot mines a lot of trees to make signa because Mafia members communicate using signs. Kenadian pulls up spare eye trim smithing templates he possibly obtained before The Mafia began taking over the server. Parrot poses as a diamond player and looks for the gold player.

Parrot finds the gold player and tries to convince him that he can give Ash the message. Since the gold player doesn't trust him enough he ignores Parrot and walks away. Parrot chases him and tells him to unmute himself. The gold player gets suspicious because the voice sounds familiar but Parrot convinces him otherwise. He convinces him that it's not worth giving Ash the coordinates and he's not going to rank up. Parrot tells him that he's a bit jealous about him finding the Far Lands civilization. Parrot tells him that he will join the squadron of diamond players. The gold player is convinced and Parrot tells the squadron to make a trap. Upon arrival, the gold player is suspicious again. The squadron of farmers start praising him and act impressed. The gold player asks him why he hasn't seen their faces but he has heard their voices. Parrot reveals himself and Kenadian activates the trap, killing him in the process.

Purpled gives Parrot silence trimmed leggings for killing the gold player. Parrot tells Purpled that the farmers were the reason why he was able to kill the gold player. Purpled thought he was going to get a squadron of warriors. Purpled explains that it's the warriors job to protect the civilization which in response, Parrot brings up the Warriors abandoning the farmers while they were being attacked. Purpled says it isn't his problem. Theo suggests that they unite the Farmers and the Warriors again. Parrot tells Purpled that they should apologize to the Farmers. Purpled and Naparizel tell Parrot that he has to become a leader if he wants to make decisions. Parrot and Theo continue arguing with Purpled until the meeting is dismissed.

Theo talks to Parrot about the meeting and tells him Purpled sees him as a threat. Theo then tells Parrot that he's exactly what the Warriors need leadership-wise. Parrot tells Theo how much he cares about winning the war against The Mafia. Theo wonders how the Farmers are so drawn to Parrot but hate the rest of the Warriors. Parrot tells Theo that when his test results came, Horace said he was both a Warrior and a Farmer. They continue to discuss about the beef with the warriors and the farmers. Theo tells Parrot that maybe the reason why the council hates Parrot is because he has something that they don't and since Parrot arrived things have changed. Theo leaves after the conversation.

Parrot visits Dean again. Dean notices Parrot's armour trims. Parrot tells him that it's from the Far Lands and Dean gets a bit jealous about it. Dean tells Parrot about what he's been up to the whole time. Parrot asks if everything has been good and Dean says that everything has been good so Parrot decides to leave but Dean asks if he could go with Parrot again. Parrot asks him what he would be able to do if he did go with him. Dean wants Parrot to trust him. Parrot tells Dean he will trust him after the war. Dean responds saying "What if you don't? What if you just die and I'm stuck here and nobody "will ever trust me again?". He also states that Wifies might die too. He tells Parrot that Ash was the person who took him when he had nothing and he thought he could have friends. Parrot responds by saying that The Mafia isn't a sense of community. Dean didn't know that at the time. They just told him that he would have all the freedom he could've ever wanted if he joined. He then states that the war is not winnable. He's seen it all while Parrot has just seen a fraction of it and Parrot is going to die in the war and he will be alone. Parrot asks Dean why did he betray him if he cared so much about the war and tells him that everything will be fixed after the war before leaving.

Purpled starts another council meeting. Parrot asks if Purpled could come up with a war strategy since it's been just mission after mission. Parrot asks what the point of the Warriors faction existing if they aren't coming up with strategies to beat The Mafia. They begin arguing again but Purpled admits that the missions they have been doing was just to give everyone false hope. Purpled dismisses everyone except for Parrot and he tells Parrot to deliver a bunch of things to a set of coordinates. He gets Parrot to clear his inventory and fill it up with shulkers. Parrot enters an obsidian hole which leads to a tunnel and as he places all the shulkers he gets jumped by all the council members. Theo arrives trying and helps Parrot. Parrot barely manages to escape.

After Parrot and Theo return to the Far Lands they confront Purpled and Theo tries to kill him Purpled continues talking as if nothing happened. Parrot asks Purpled why he tried to kill him and Purpled says that it's because Parrot is trying to drag the into war. Purpled tells Parrot that he's the one tearing them apart. Naparizel and Lamibee agree with Parrot this time Parrot decides to do a poll on who should become leader of the Warriors faction. Everyone votes for Parrot and Purpled gives him the armour. Parrot is now the leader of the Warriors. Parrot does a speech. During the speech he destroys all the silence trimmed armour and tells everyone to replace any silence armour trim with their normal armour because he believes that the way Purpled used to run the Warriors faction was corrupt and they gave everyone false hope and he tells everyone that unity is stronger than hope. The warriors including Parrot apologize to the Farmers for abandoning them. The Farmers accept their apology. Parrot states that the true enemy is Ash and The Mafia and tells the Warriors to destroy anything important to The Mafia and what keeps them invisible and he would join the Farmers for their mission. Parrot concludes the speech by stating that a new era is born. An era of trust, unity, hope and forgiveness. Parrot keeps the word forgiveness in his mind as he is about to visit Dean again.

Parrot goes for another visit with Dean but he notices that Dean is missing. He doesn't see any traces of him anywhere. Parrot tells Wifies that Dean wasn't present. Parrot and Wifies talk to the rest of the Farmers to go to the mission that Parrot mentioned in the speech to destroy all the Mafia A1C bombers. They head near Spawn and find a lot of A1C bombers. They begin destroying the A1C bombers but however while doing so they see them starting. They try to disable them but they get jumped by Mafia members. Parrot follows a Mafia member but they just fly away. Parrot and Wifies continue fighting the invisible players while Kenadian and Wato destroy the A1C bombers. Parrot tells them that he will drop an invisible player. The invisible player is shooting it's own teammates and Parrot decides to drop him. The invisible player's totem pops and it's revealed to be Dean. Dean blows his goat horn one last time before getting killed in the void. Parrot gets furious and tries to kill one of the Mafia members until the diamond player shows up and starts macing him. After flying away to an island they talk about what happened however Parrot isn't in the mood after witnessing his friend die. Parrot realizes that he was shooting the other Mafia members because that was his way of trying to earn their trust back.

Parrot goes back to Dean's shack to bury Dean. After writing the sign in the gravestone he says "I trust you". Ash interrupts the funeral and starts mocking Dean, comparing his life to a cockroach saying that he was pointless. Ash states that he knew Dean was going to betray him when he rejoined The Mafia and he also put Dean on that mission intentionally so that Parrot could kill him. Parrot gets furious and threatens to kill Ash. Ash tells him that he kidnapped the entire Warriors faction and will execute them. Parrot tries to kill Ash but he teleports away using a stasis chamber.

Upon returning to the Far Lands civilization, Parrot tells the Farmers about the Warriors getting kidnapped. They come up with a plan to break in to one of Ash's prisons. It turns out that it's located in The End Civilization before going to the end, they all set stasis chambers. As they arrive to The End Civilization, Parrot notices the city was retextured into a Mafia theme (possibly the reason why they didn't blow it up). As they sneak through the entire city, they break into the cell where the Warriors are held hostage. The Farmers place an ender chest to provide the Warriors with gear. As they break out of the cell, they notice the chunk bans being reactivated. Parrot tells Cristalit to try to fly out of the civilization to test if the chunk bans are active and he gets chunk banned. They get caught by diamond players. Parrot tells the Warriors to distract the diamond players while the Farmers, including Parrot build a chicken blaster pearl cannon. After finishing building the chicken blaster pearl cannon, Parrot tells the Warriors to throw a pearl while the Farmers distract the diamond players. A diamond player catches them so Parrot activates the cannon, teleporting all of them away from the city. Parrot tells the rest of the farmers to activate their stasises and tells Wifies not to pull his because he has to talk to Ash.

Parrot tells the diamond players to take him to Ash. He even clears his entire inventory. As they take him to Ash's castle Parrot tells Ash that he's lucky he didn't bring a sword. Ash tells Parrot that if he dies, the entire Mafia goes down with him. Parrot tells Ash that he wonders how he can get people to listen to him. Ash shows him around the castle but gets interrupted by Parrot reminding him about when he said that fear is control to tell him that the opposite of fear is unity. He tells Ash that he wants to duel him but Ash clowns on him and continues showing him around the castle. Parrot notices the dragon egg and a desire board. He notices the farming district isn't red on the desire board. Ash asks Parrot if he has ever stopped to ask himself why The Mafia always wears invisibility and tells him that it's a symbol and it's part of something bigger and compares that to how the farming district is part of the Far Lands. Ash tells Parrot that he knows where the Far Lands civilization is and he is sending battalions of 2 diamond players each and he tells Parrot the exact coordinates of the Far Lands. Parrot pulls his stasis and looks over the Far Lands civilization.


Unstable SMP: Doomsday

The episode begins on The Invisible Mafia invading the Far Lands civilization. After the Far Lands civilization gets destroyed by the The Mafia, Parrot, Wifies and the people are determined to defeat The Mafia. All the remaining citizens of the civilization were either hiding, dead, or joined The Mafia. Before this, Parrot had tried to get everyone they could to join them by lighting beacons but no one showed up.

Horace builds a bunker that's closer to spawn named District 13 and Parrot invites rekrap2, JumperWho, Ratrick, and others to join District 13 however while they were inviting Ratrick and Finiahn to join, Wifies places beacons and The Mafia starts attacking them. Wifies states that they're losing. After defeating the invisible players Ratrick and Finiahn join District 13. Parrot and Wifies check up on the beacons they lit before The Mafia destroyed the Far Lands however, they were destroyed. Kenadian invites Derapchu to District 13. Horace gives everyone them a tour around the base and after finishing the tour, he joins The Mafia. Horace's reason for joining The Mafia is because they let him build without letting anything get destroyed, he can see his friends again and finally, he was tired of everything he built for Parrot getting destroyed by The Mafia.

Parrot, Wifies and TheobaldTheBird infiltrate Mafia City to attempt to kill Ash until ClownPierce appears. Parrot points an arrow at Ash but he teleports away before Parrot shoots leaving Clown with no choice but to attempt to kill them. Clown uses his mace to try to mace him and for breach swapping. Theo uses carts to try to kill Clown. Upon near death they run away and return to District 13 until they notice a new member named Yusai join. Yusai is a new member hence why he doesn't have any armour. Parrot gives him 23 iron and he crafts a full set of iron armour (24 iron is required to make a full set or iron armour). Parrot kills Yusai thinking that he is affiliated with The Mafia.

Parrot and Wifies then check out Spawn until they notice members of The Mafia destroying it and constructing an obsidian box. They also find Spoke and Mapicc who were also checking out spawn. Parrot and Wifies then run away but Spoke and Mapicc chase after them to ask them if they know what the Mafia is and Parrot and Wifies tell them they do. Spoke then reveal to Parrot and Wifies that he infiltrated the Mafia and he was on a mission to try to kill Parrot, Wifies and Dean while they were in a trial chamber. Spoke mentions Ash's desire board and while they list the civilizations in the board they try to figure out what The Withered is. Spoke mentions that he was on a mission to kill iMajesticRose and assumes that the house that she built with BeckyTronVIII was The Withered so they go to the house only to find a diamond player destroying the house.

They follow the diamond player and eventually they find a town and a guy with full iron armour. Parrot, Wifies, Spoke and Mapicc intimidate him and he says that he already gave The Mafia everything he had. Spoke asks Quackenstein if he knows what the Mafia is but he lies to them and says that he doesn't. Quackenstein then tours them around his town and they notice a grave that they made for Rose. Parrot and Mapicc confront Spoke about the Rose's death. Mapicc states that they have a connection to the Mafia because why would Ash just want her dead. Parrot and Wifies leave to let Spoke and Mapicc deal with everything. Wifies claims that Quackenstein is the diamond player because they followed the diamond player just to find him.

After waiting for a long time, Spoke tells Parrot and Wifies that he found a book that may potentially lead to the stasis chamber named "Mafia Eyes" and is signed by Ash and because of this Parrot invites him and Mapicc to District 13 and tells them the news. They begin partying now that that they have hope that The Mafia is going to end until Spoke gives them a book named "The Gateway". The book only contains greater than (<) and less than (>) signs. No one knew what the signs meant and Spoke thought someone there would. Spoke and Mapicc argue with the rest of District 13 over the book and they get kicked out of District 13 for spreading "false hope", everyone except for Wifies leaves District 13 due to minimal progress with some of them even joining The Mafia.

Parrot finds ManePear's destroyed base and finds Wemmbu and Eggchan. Parrot asks Wemmbu if The Mafia was responsible for destroying his base, Wemmbu responds saying that Clown was responsible. Parrot tells Wemmbu to join District 13 to fight back against The Mafia and ClownPierce. Wemmbu tells Parrot that he's only joining District 13 to kill Clown. Parrot invites Wemmbu to the District 13 and tells Wemmbu that he needs him to distract ClownPierce because he wants to kill Ash. Wemmbu then tells him he needs a mace to do so, because of this they make a trap and light a beacon to bait Mafia members into showing up. They get jumped by a bunch of Mafia members and the diamond player and after killing all of them except for the diamond player, they trigger the trap and the diamond player falls into their trap. They kill the diamond player after a while. Upon returning to District 13, Wemmbu abandons them, telling them that he doesn't need them anymore now that he has a mace. He tells Eggchan he will return to take him after he kills clown.

Parrot and Wifies infiltrate Mafia City again. They fly to each rank's towns and pretend to be the trim the town is based off of. They eventually reach Ash's castle and they find Ash and a copper player in the castle. Ash notices that the "diamond players" aren't holding their maces. Parrot tells Wifies to kill Ash and he points an arrow at him again. Ash tells Parrot that if he kills him, everyone in The Mafia is going to die including Ratrick, Kenadian, Wato, etc. Parrot tells Wifies to try to kill Ash again. Ash tells Parrot that your morals make you weak and they arent the first people to try to kill him and he's sick of it. He tells them that if they don't join The Mafia in 24 hours he will kill both of them before Parrot and Wifies leave Ash's castle. As Parrot and Wifies leave Mafia City they find Ratrick and Finiahn with copper eye trimmed chestplate. They ask Parrot and Wifies if they joined The Mafia but Parrot responds telling them that they tried to kill Ash. Ratrick and Finiahn tell Parrot and Wifies that they drowned someone's cat and threaten to kill them if they try to save it because they were messing with The Mafia. Parrot gets disappointed in them and runs away.

Parrot and Wifies run 1 million blocks away from Mafia City to a snow biome and they build a house. While building the house, Wifies then tells Parrot to tame a dog and they also make traps. After a while, they finish the house and all the traps. Ash finds them and leaves them a sign that says "found you" indicating that he found them. Parrot breaks the sign and they start to panic. Ash and a diamond player overhear their conversation and ring a bell 12 times since Wifies mentioned that it's been 12 hours since they ran away. Parrot spots them but because of the snow he can barely see them and they get away. They try to move on from the incident when they Parrot and Wifies have a conversation about why Wifies cares about the beacon so much. Wifies explains that it's more than just making a point and call for help but instead it's a sign that there are people willing to fight The Mafia and the beacons are the opposite of The Mafia wearing invisibility. He tells them that the beacon is a sign that people don't have to live kneeling anymore. Parrot tells Wifies that everyone is now either in The Mafia or hiding which isn't enough to take down The Mafia and then also tells Wifies that anyone who joins The Mafia is evil because they killed Dean and Luigi. Wifies denies that stating that the majority of people who are forced into joining or else they will be killed. Wifies tells Parrot to keep lighting beacons because they haven't lost.

Upon returning to their house Ash and a diamond player appear and Parrot tries to kill him once again. Ash tells Parrot that he is done with Parrot trying to kill him and gives both him and Wifies an invisibility potion and forces them to join The Mafia within 10 minutes. Wifies tells Parrot that he is going to join the Mafia so that Parrot gets time and he gets more information about The Mafia. After joining The Mafia Ash taunts Parrot by stating that The Mafia is going to take over the server and tells the diamond player to get his squadron and hunt Parrot down if he doesn't return.

After Parrot returns to District 13 Spoke and Parrot discuss about how they can use the spawn prison to find the stasis chamber. After they make it to the spawn prison they realize its not a small obsidian box anymore. They plan to break in to the prison using an end portal while Wemmbu and Eggchan distract the guards from above. Parrot, Spoke and Mapicc go to the end and into the spawn prison. They pretend to be guards in the prison until they find Wato and Kenadian in the spawn prison. Kenadian leaves to fix the spawn prison entrance while Wato leads them to the place where new players throw their pearls.

They follow where the pearls would be thrown and find sandstone halls. While exploring the sandstone halls, Parrot, Spoke and Mapicc spy on a diamond player transporting the pearls. They get caught and they run away from the invisible players. After Parrot loses them, they split up. Parrot finds a guard transporting pearls and he forces the guard to unmute, the guard tells him that that he's transporting pearls because he was told by The Mafia. Parrot tells the guard to take him to where he's supposed to bring the pearls. Parrot doesn't believe him much so he tries to kill him again. The guard tells Parrot that the place he lead him to was where he was supposed transport the pearls to and that he doesn't get anything from doing it. Parrot asks the guard why he joined the server. The guard tells Parrot that he thought it would be a cool server to join but so far it hasn't been for him because all he has done was transporting pearls, he never even entered the nether. Parrot tells him that he's helping a force of evil by transporting despite the guard not knowing what they have done. Parrot tells him that Dean, one of his best friends was killed by The Mafia. He asks the guard what type of Mafia member is he if he hasn't destroyed anything or ruin others' lives. The guard responds telling him that he's just a player. Parrot then tells him that he cannot kill him and walks away.

Parrot then finds Wemmbu and Wato and they get out of the halls. Parrot tells them he's going to stop by a different location. After Parrot arrives to the house that he and Wifies made, Parrot is confused on why Wifies isn't responding to him until Ash shows up and starts taunting Parrot. Parrot tells Ash that him using Wifies' stasis chamber as leverage is pathetic. Ash responds telling him that the only way the server can thrive is if everyone is unified under one cause and Wifies understands that hence why he left him if it even is Wifies. He then continues to taunt Parrot before forcing him to splash invisibility again. Wifies shakes his head telling Parrot not to. Parrot tells Ash that he would never join The Mafia, Ash then pulls Wifies' stasis and kills him. Ash asks Parrot why he thinks The Mafia wears invisibility just like when he told Parrot where the Far Lands civilization was, Parrot replies calling him a coward which angers Ash. Ash calls Parrot wasted potential before ordering the diamond player to kill him. Parrot gets jumped by the diamond player and he barely managed to trap him using the mines he had set with Wifies earlier.

Parrot returns to District 13 and tells everyone that Wifies got killed by Ash but Spoke tells Parrot that he found the stasis chamber and the book with "<" and ">" signs was actually the map that leads to the stasis chamber. Parrot tells Spoke to mine the soul sand that each stasis pearl join. However, they get unexpectedly jumped by The Mafia. They killed the diamond player and every other Mafia member in the fight, successfully winning the fight. Parrot tells Spoke to mine the stasis chamber because he has a plan.

Parrot arrives to the Far Lands civilization after The Battle of Stasis one last time to light a beacon. Before he lights the beacon he gets reminded of his conversation with Wifies regarding the beacons. Parrot starts lighting beacons all over the server and Mafia members start drinking milk. The guard transporting the pearls also surfaces and drinks milk, removing his invisibility. Parrot and Wifies have one last talk, Wifies tells Parrot not to die due to his tendency of doing stupid things without any proper planning leading to near death moments. Parrot thanks Wifies for being his friend and Wifies fades away.

Spoke visits Parrot's house and tells him that watching all the Mafia members drinking milk and getting rid of their invisibility was a beautiful moment, Parrot asks him if Ash is dead. Spoke tells him that he isn't dead and tells him where Ash lives. Parrot goes into the farlands to visit Ash. He tells Ash that he forgives him for all the people he killed including Wifies. Ash responds telling Parrot that he didn't kill WIfies and that there's an extremely powerful player who never revealed themselves but they call themselves "The Director". He says that The Director was responsibly for killing Wifies and he called Parrot pathetic for thinking that he will kill The Director. Parrot leaves the farlands not believing Ash.


Unstable SMP: The Mafia

The video starts off with Wemmbu and eggchan hanging out in ManePear's treehouse. ClownPierece and Ferre unexpectedly comes and burns the whole tree down. They start attacking Wemmbu and egg, causing their resources to dwindle. Egg manages to escape first, letting him able to create an escape tunnel for Wemmbu. The two manages to escape through the Nether and hide out for 24 hours until the coast is clear. They go back to the treehouse, staring at the remains of it. Wemmbu vows to kill Clown because of what he has done.

Parrot appears behind the two, asking them to join his team again. A flashback appears of Parrot asking them to join prior to the attack, and Wemmbu rejecting Parrot every time. Parrot tells Wemmbu that their interests are aligned by the fact that Wemmbu wants to kill Clown and that Parrot wants to destroy the Mafia.

Parrot leads Wemmbu and Egg to District 13 and devises a plan to take down Ashswagg. However, Wemmbu doesn't care. Parrot then tells Wemmbu he should be the one to distract Clown, or at least give them enough time to go through with their plan. Wemmbu requests to get him to fight a diamond trim Mafia player with a Mace he'll go along with their plan.

Wemmbu, Egg, Parrot, and Wifies go to a beach near spawn to set up a fall trap. Wifies sets up a beacon that alerts nearby Mafia members to their location. Eventually, a Mafia player shows up, but it was a non-trim. The second wave arrives, only an iron trim and a few non-trim show up. They kill the Mafia members with ease. After a while longer, a diamond trim finally shows up with other trimmed players as well. The fight lasts a while, once the diamond trim is alone they set the trap off. They all manage to corner the diamond trim, and as the diamond trim tries to escape, Parrot get the kill.

They all go back to the District 13 base, Parrot and Wemmbu start arguing, both of them trying taking credit for obtaining a mace. Wemmbu says after getting the mace, he has no point in helping Parrot anymore. Before heading off, Parrot tells Wemmbu where Clown could be located. Wemmbu flies to Clown's castle and pots up for a fight. He sneaks into the castle, but almost blows his cover by breaking a sand block, causing the others to fall. He then jumps Clown and Ferre. After all his armor and restocks break, he decides to flee from battle. Clown and Ferre chase, but not for long.

Wemmbu decides to go back to District 13, only to find nobody is there. He then revisits Mane's treehouse again, meeting back up with Egg. Egg tells Wemmbu he has a plan, and the two go fishing. Eggchan suddenly teleports away, and Ferre whispers to Wemmbu that he has Egg held hostage in the jungle temple near the treehouse and to return back. Ferre tells Wemmbu that he was assigned to kill him. If Wemmbu dies, Ferre would let Egg free. Egg tells Wemmbu to "execute order 36", which is their secret code to set off a trap. Dozens of TNT minecarts go off, killing the two gold trim players that were with Ferre immediately, however, Ferre survives. Wemmbu and Egg fight off Ferre, eventually breaking all his armor. Wemmbu tries to get the mace off of Ferre, but Ferre stashes it in his ender chest and tries to fly away before Wemmbu could kill him. Caught one last time, Ferre hands over the mace for Wemmbu to spare his life.

Egg says his actual plan was to stasis back and put a beacon where their treehouse was and pretend to be a Mafia member. Egg then advises Wemmbu to rejoin Parrot, since working with other players makes him stronger. The two head back to District 13, but was met with Spoke and Mapicc instead. As they asked each other why they were looking for Parrot, Parrot appears. Parrot tells Spoke the reason why the resistance left was because of Spoke. Wemmbu and Egg build a house inside the base while they argue. Meanwhile, Spoke devises a plan to destroy the Mafia without having to kill Ash.

All of them head to spawn, Wemmbu's objective is to distract all the Mafia so the others can break in. Wemmbu says they need a team name and Spoke suggests "Team Unstable". Wemmbu tries to break into the prison, but remembers that they're supposed to be distractions. They head up to the top of the prison, and trimmed players spot them and begin to attack. Wemmbu easily kills all of them with his mace. While contemplating dropping down into the prison and freeing any new players, more guards come and jump them. Wemmbu kills all but one iron trim, telling him to call for backup.

A third wave of Mafia members show up, and realizing they can't win the fight, they fly away. Wemmbu escapes for a second, only to be found again. He has no other choice but to jump into the hole. He meets up with Wato, who isn't an actual Mafia member, and they make up for Wemmbu ditching Wato in Sky Civilization. Wato shows Wemmbu around the prison, and eventually meets up with Kenadian. They find where the pearls are being moved around, Wemmbu throws a pearl in and jumps in to get it. Parrot and Wemmbu meet back up, and they get out of the prison. Parrot instructs Wemmbu and Wato to head back to District 13 while he does something else. Spoke, Mapicc, and Egg are already there waiting for them.

Parrot comes back, saddened, saying that Wifies had died. Spoke explains how he found where the ender pearls are located and how he plans on taking it down. Wemmbu builds another house while this goes down. Spoke then instructs Wemmbu to kill Clown, or at least distract him while their plan is in action. Mafia members come and raid their base, griefing it and attacking them. Egg manages to kill a diamond player. After the fight, Wemmbu realizes fighting Clown would be pointless since they're at the same position as they were when he fought the first place. Egg says to ask Clown for a fair one on one fight, and Wemmbu goes to do so.

Wemmbu goes back to Clown's castle and proposes an actual duel, since all the previous times it hasn't been a fair fight. Clown and Ferre start to argue with each other as Wemmbu and his friends stare. Ferre flies off, and the fight begins. In the end, Ferre comes back and they all stasis out. They wait at the District 13 base to see if Spoke and Mapicc come back, but get impatient. Wemmbu and Egg head off back to their treehouse.

The video ends with Wemmbu and Egg heading off to build their own base.


The End of the Minecraft Mafia

The video begins with Spoke and Mapicc at Square City, warning Cash about the Mafia attacking them. Cash ridicules them and tells them that the last thing his citizens would worry about is The Mafia running around and dismisses Spoke and Mapicc. Nico tells Cash that they are under attack and gets killed by an iron trimmed player. The iron trimmed player tries to kill Cash but gets his statis pulled. Cash thinks he defeated The Mafia but Ash walks into Cash's house and tells him that "everyone will be Mafia soon" and orders the gold trimmed player to kill Cash. The gold trimmed player tells Ash that Spoke and Mapicc are hiding on the roof and Spoke and Mapicc flee from Square city. Mapicc suggests that they use MinuteTech's trap but Spoke tells Mapicc that he's going to use his own instead. Mapicc asks Spoke if its the oak tree with flowers all around it and Spoke tells Mapicc that it used to be under a dark oak tree but he messed it up. Spoke and Mapicc get attacked by 2 diamond players who find and trigger his trap because of how obvious it is. They find MinuteTech's escape route which is a void trap. Mapicc tells Spoke the coordinates of the way out of the void trap and end up in a cave.

Spoke tells Mapicc that they need to find coordinates to the other civilizations so they visit Squiddo to ask her for the coordinates of the other civilizations in Ash's desire board. Spoke also explains how the Mafia works to Squiddo and she gives them the coordinates to Sleepy Nation. While they fly there MinuteTech follows them. While exploring Sleepy Nation they get jumped by invisible players, however it turns out that the invisible players were Hannah and im_a_squid_kid. Spoke and Mapicc meet up with Wallibear. Wallibear tells them that their stashes were overrun by The Mafia and that half of their soldiers are dead. Spoke tells Hannah and Squid about the news and they all steal the items in the stash back from The Mafia. While they were on their way to return to Wallibear they find out that the place was all blown up and they see Ash and a diamond player. They make fun of Spoke, Mapicc and Minute and they also tell him that Wallibear is in the Mafia now. They go back to Sleepy Nation to warn Hannah and Squid that the Mafia is coming and they show them an alternate exit, however Hannah and Squid wear gold trimmed chestplates, pot up and jump them. Spoke tries to kill them but Minute tells them that they were forced into the Mafia and tell them not to kill them. They escape Sleepy Nation and Spoke has an argument with Minute. Minute leaves and Mapicc gets upset at Spoke for sending him off. They visit Squiddo again but they get jumped by the same two diamond players and an iron player. Baconnwaffles blows up Squiddo's castle and they escape using Squiddo's void escape route.

Spoke and Mapicc check up on spawn only to find Mafia players destroying it. They fly away and spot Parrot and Wifies, they discuss about the desire board and Spoke assumes that the same place where he killed iMajesticRose was The Withered. Parrot, Wifies Spoke and Mapicc go to that location and find a diamond player destroying the house. They follow the diamond player and find a guy named Quackenstein. They intimidate Quackenstein but then later stop because they feel bad for him. Quackenstein tours them around the house and he also shows them a memorial for Rose. Spoke regrets killing rose. Parrot and WIfies leave the house. Spoke spends some time with Becky going fishing when Quackenstein meets them and Spoke promises to protect them. Quackenstein tells them to build a mountain over his town.

Spoke and Mapicc head to the end to get obsidian from the pillars until they spot Ash. They try to escape the end until Ash notices that there are people breaking blocks under him. He realizes that the people breaking blocks are Spoke and Mapicc and he calls them out to scare them. He also says that everything Spoke loves is now destroyed by the Mafia. A diamond trimmed player finds Spoke and Mapicc's hole and they attempt to kill them until Spoke and Mapicc escape. Spoke and Mapicc notice that Becky and Quackenstein are missing so they search for them until they find a staircase in Quackenstein's house that leads to a diamond player set along with a mace. They notice Quackenstein entering the room and they confront him. Spoke threatens to kill Quackenstein and he says that he actually met Rose and Becky before and that he feels better for killing Rose and Mapicc tells Spoke to stop and compares him to Ash. Quackenstein and Mapicc tell Spoke to put his mace down and Quackenstein tells him his backstory after Spoke puts his mace down.

At first it was just him and Rose. They travelled hundreds of thousands of blocks away from the server's initial problems (presumably Zam Empire or ClownPierce). Him and Rose were building houses and castles until one day a player named Ashswagg invited them join his team. He promised that if they built castles for him and joined the Invisible Mafia they would protect them and give them infinite resources. Quackenstein was suspicious initially but Rose saw this as a great opportunity to build so they agreed. After they finished building this castle it was being used as a statis chamber to torment the members. Ash told them not to write down the coordinates of the statis chamber however Quackenstein did write down the coordinates of the monument. After Quackenstein found out what the statis chamber was really about he assembled a team to try to take it down however, it was already destroyed. After Ash found out what happened, that's when Rose died. Spoke realizes that he has been hiding and that's why he has no invis and in iron armour. Quackenstein gives Spoke a book called "Mafia Eyes" that is signed by Ashswagg. Spoke then apologizes to Quackenstein for killing Rose. He explains that while he was infiltrating the Mafia he was put on a mission to kill Rose and that was why he killed her. Spoke and Mapicc say goodbye to Becky before leaving and they tell Parrot and Wifies that they found a potential lead to the statis chamber.

Parrot invites them to District 13 where Spoke shows everyone the book. Parrot sends Spoke out to destroy the stasis chamber. Spoke and Mapicc notice a giant crater. They try to find something until Mapicc finds a chest. The chest contains a book called "The Gateway" which is also signed by Ash and the contents of the book are "<" and ">" signs. They don't know what it means so they go back to District 13 to tell them about it. They also don't understand what the book means and they get upset at Spoke. After an argument Spoke gets kicked out of District 13 and he almost gives up until he finds a massive obsidian box that's way bigger than the one they were building when they met Parrot. They then return to District 13 to tell Parrot about the spawn prison and they head to spawn to plan how they are going to break in. Wemmbu and Eggchan distract the guards while Parrot, Spoke and Mapicc break in by setting their spawn, going to the end and going into the portal and into the prison. They find a room with an iron door where they throw a pearl but they don't realize it's purpose yet. They also find Wato as one of the guards. Parrot, Wato, Spoke and Mapicc go back to the room where pearls are being thrown and they follow it and find sandstone halls. They get spotted by a diamond player and they get chased by them. While hiding from the diamond player, Mapicc realizes that the book with "<" and ">" signs.

Spoke and Mapicc begin going through the directions of the book while being chased by Mafia players until they find what appears to be a dead end until they mine through the walls and find a tunnel. The tunnel leads to a pearl cannon where they throw the pearls and it sends them to where it would lead to. The pearl cannon teleports them to what looks like the middle of nowhere until they see a huge man made mountain. They think back to what Quackenstein said about building a mountain over his town and realize that the statis chamber may be inside the mountain. They find a castle with all the Mafia statis chamber pearls. They find one with Mapicc's name in it (with no pearl), one with Squiddo's name and one with Wifies' name. They accidentally pull one of their statises and it turns out that they are a no trimmed Mafia player. The no trimmed guy wanders around while Spoke and Mapicc follows him. A diamond player spots him and maces him. They find the exit and tell Parrot and Wemmbu about the statis chamber. Parrot suggests that Spoke mines the soul sand in the void so that the pearls fall in the void however they get jumped by multiple Mafia members. After the fight, Parrot tells Spoke to destroy the stasis chamber while Wemmbu, Eggchan and Wato distract ClownPierce. After arriving there they notice that the diamond players are suspicious. Spoke falls into the void and realizes he forgot a shovel. Spoke crafts an iron shovel and realize that it's not that good. Spoke eventually runs out of fireworks and Mapicc pulls his statis to save him.

Mapicc gives Spoke a shovel good enough to destroy the stasis chamber along with a ton of fireworks and Spoke makes it back into the void to destroy more statis pearls. Spoke mines out an entire section of pearls. Mapicc gets chased by diamond players while this is happening and since the diamond players notice that pearls are missing they fall into the hole and notice Spoke mining them. While the diamond players are trying to find Spoke, Mapicc goes back to his stasis chamber and notices that Spoke didn't throw his pearl this time leaving Spoke no option but to try to destroy all of the pearls. Spoke also notices the diamond players placing obsidian and after Spoke destroys all of the stasis chambers he realizes that the diamond players are placing obsidian to trap him there so that he dies. Spoke runs out of rockets and Mapicc makes a little cave for Spoke to chorus out. The diamond players die in the void after. Spoke and Mapicc happily fly around the place knowing that there are no pearls left. They find MinuteTech and they explain to MinuteTech how they managed to destroy all the statis chamber pearls. Minute tells them that he picked up a book which leads them to a house in the far lands along with a copper player and a statis chamber. They pull the statis chamber and it turns out that it's Ash. Spoke taunts and makes fun of Ash for losing his army and tells him that the statis chamber is destroyed. Ash tells Spoke that he doesn't care about the Mafia being defeated because he noticed a cycle where civilizations want to take over other civilizations to get power and Spoke is probably going to make a team of his own to take over the server and have worse motives than the Invisible Mafia and will end up just like him and Ash says he's satisfied for that reason. Spoke refuses to kill Ash while Minute and Mapicc want him to. Spoke tells Ash to go far away from everyone and Ash tells Spoke that when he does end up like Ash he will be there before flying away.